tell me -  - i 've got to know eos tell me -  - tell me before i go eos does that flame still burn ,  does that fire still glow eos or has it died out and melted like the snow eos tell me eos tell me eos  eos tell me -  - what are you focused upon eos tell me -  - will it come to me after you 're gone eos tell me quick with a glance on the side eos shall i hold you close or shall i let you go by eos tell me eos tell me eos  eos are you lookin '  at me and thinking of somebody else eos can you feel the heat and the beat of my pulse eos do you have any secrets  eos that will only come out in time eos do you lay in bed and stare at the stars eos is your main friend someone who 's an old acquaintance of ours eos tell me eos tell me eos  eos tell me -  - what 's in back of them pretty brown eyes eos tell me -  - behind what door your treasure lies eos ever gone broke in a big way eos ever done the opposite of what the experts say eos tell me eos tell me eos  eos is it some kind of game that you 're playin '  with me eos am i imagining something that never can be eos do you have any morals eos do you have any point of view eos is that a smile i see on your face eos will it take you to glory or to disgrace eos tell me eos tell me eos  eos tell me -  - is my name in your book eos tell me -  - will you go back and take another look eos tell me the truth ,  tell me no lies eos are you someone whom anyone prays for or cries eos tell me eos tell meseen a shooting star tonight eos and i thought of you eos you were trying to break into another world eos a world i never knew eos i always kind of wondered eos if you ever made it through eos seen a shooting star tonight eos and i thought of you eos  eos seen a shooting star tonight eos and i thought of me eos if i was still the same eos if i ever became what you wanted me to be eos did i miss the mark or overstep the line eos that only you could see ?  eos seen a shooting star tonight eos and i thought of me eos  eos listen to the engine ,  listen to the bell eos as the last fire truck from hell eos goes rolling by eos all good people are praying eos it 's the last temptation ,  the last account eos the last time you might hear the sermon on the mount eos the last radio is playing eos  eos seen a shooting star tonight eos slip away eos tomorrow will be  eos another day eos guess it 's too late to say the things to you eos that you needed to hear me say eos seen a shooting star tonight eos slip awayone more night ,  the stars are in sight eos but tonight i 'm as lonesome as can be eos oh ,  the moon is shinin '  bright eos lighting ev ' rything in sight eos but tonight no light will shine on me eos  eos oh ,  it 's shameful and it 's sad i lost the only pal i had eos i just could not be what she wanted me to be eos i will turn my head up high eos to that dark and rolling sky eos for tonight no light will shine on me eos  eos i was so mistaken when i thought that she 'd be true eos i had no idea what a woman in love would do !  eos  eos one more night ,  i will wait for the light eos while the wind blows high above the tree eos oh ,  i miss my darling so eos i did n't mean to see her go eos but tonight no light will shine on me eos  eos one more night ,  the moon is shinin '  bright eos and the wind blows high above the tree eos oh ,  i miss that woman so eos i did n't mean to see her go eos but tonight no light will shine on methere 's guns across the river aimin '  at ya eos lawman on your trail ,  he 'd like to catch ya eos bounty hunters ,  too ,  they 'd like to get ya eos billy ,  they do n't like you to be so free eos  eos campin '  out all night on the berenda eos dealin '  cards  ' til dawn in the hacienda eos up to boot hill they 'd like to send ya eos billy ,  do n't you turn your back on me eos  eos playin '  around with some sweet señorita eos into her dark hallway she will lead ya eos in some lonesome shadows she will greet ya eos billy ,  you 're so far away from home eos  eos there 's eyes behind the mirrors in empty places eos bullet holes and scars between the spaces eos there 's always one more notch and ten more paces eos billy ,  and you 're walkin '  all alone eos  eos they say that pat garrett 's got your number eos so sleep with one eye open when you slumber eos every little sound just might be thunder eos thunder from the barrel of his gun eos  eos guitars will play your grand finale eos down in some tularosa alley eos maybe in the rio pecos valley eos billy ,  you 're so far away from home eos  eos there 's always some new stranger sneakin '  glances eos some trigger - happy fool willin '  to take chances eos and some old whore from san pedro to make advances eos advances on your spirit and your soul eos  eos the businessmen from taos want you to go down eos they 've hired pat garrett to force a showdown eos billy ,  do n't it make ya feel so low - down eos to be shot down by the man who was your friend ?  eos  eos hang on to your woman if you got one eos remember in el paso ,  once ,  you shot one eos she may have been a whore ,  but she was a hot one eos billy ,  you been runnin '  for so long eos  eos guitars will play your grand finale eos down in some tularosa alley eos maybe in the rio pecos valley eos billy ,  you 're so far away from homelenny bruce is dead but his ghost lives on and on eos never did get any golden globe award ,  never made it to synanon eos he was an outlaw ,  that 's for sure eos more of an outlaw than you ever were eos lenny bruce is gone but his spirit 's livin '  on and on eos  eos maybe he had some problems ,  maybe some things that he could n't work out eos but he sure was funny and he sure told the truth and he knew what he was talkin '  about eos never robbed any churches nor cut off any babies '  heads eos he just took the folks in high places and he shined a light in their beds eos he 's on some other shore ,  he did n't wanna live anymore eos  eos lenny bruce is dead but he did n't commit any crime eos he just had the insight to rip off the lid before its time eos i rode with him in a taxi once eos only for a mile and a half ,  seemed like it took a couple of months eos lenny bruce moved on and like the ones that killed him ,  gone eos  eos they said that he was sick  ' cause he did n't play by the rules eos he just showed the wise men of his day to be nothing more than fools eos they stamped him and they labeled him like they do with pants and shirts eos he fought a war on a battlefield where every victory hurts eos lenny bruce was bad ,  he was the brother that you never hadjust like old saxophone joe eos when he 's got the hogshead up on his toe eos oh me ,  oh my eos love that country pie eos  eos listen to the fiddler play eos when he 's playin '   ' til the break of day eos oh me ,  oh my eos love that country pie eos  eos raspberry ,  strawberry ,  lemon and lime eos what do i care ?  eos blueberry ,  apple ,  cherry ,  pumpkin and plum eos call me for dinner ,  honey ,  i 'll be there eos  eos saddle me up my big white goose eos tie me on  ' er and turn her loose eos oh me ,  oh my eos love that country pie eos  eos i do n't need much and that ai n't no lie eos ai n't runnin '  any race eos give to me my country pie eos i wo n't throw it up in anybody 's face eos  eos shake me up that old peach tree eos little jack horner 's got nothin '  on me eos oh me ,  oh my eos love that country piei laid on a dune ,  i looked at the sky eos when the children were babies and played on the beach eos you came up behind me ,  i saw you go by eos you were always so close and still within reach eos  eos sara ,  sara eos whatever made you want to change your mind ?  eos sara ,  sara eos so easy to look at ,  so hard to define eos  eos i can still see them playin '  with their pails in the sand eos they run to the water their buckets to fill eos i can still see the shells fallin '  out of their hands eos as they follow each other back up the hill eos  eos sara ,  sara eos sweet virgin angel ,  sweet love of my life eos sara ,  sara eos radiant jewel ,  mystical wife eos  eos sleepin '  in the woods by a fire in the night eos drinkin '  white rum in a portugal bar eos them playin '  leapfrog and hearin '  about snow white eos you in the marketplace in savanna - la - mar eos  eos sara ,  sara eos it 's all so clear ,  i could never forget eos sara ,  sara eos lovin '  you is the one thing i 'll never regret eos  eos i can still hear the sounds of those methodist bells eos i 'd taken the cure and had just gotten through eos stayin '  up for days in the chelsea hotel eos writin '   ' sad - eyed lady of the lowlands '  for you eos  eos sara ,  sara eos wherever we travel we 're never apart eos sara ,  oh sara eos beautiful lady ,  so dear to my heart eos  eos how did i meet you ?  i do n't know eos a messenger sent me in a tropical storm eos you were there in the winter ,  moonlight on the snow eos and on lily pond lane when the weather was warm eos  eos sara ,  oh sara eos scorpio sphinx in a calico dress eos sara ,  sara eos you must forgive me my unworthiness eos  eos now the beach is deserted except for some kelp eos and a piece of an old ship that lies on the shore eos you always responded when i needed your help eos you gimme a map and a key to your door eos  eos sara ,  oh sara eos glamorous nymph with an arrow and bow eos sara ,  oh sara eos do n't ever leave me ,  do n't ever gowell ,  your clock is gonna stop  eos at saint peter 's gate eos ya gonna ask him what time it is eos he 's gonna say ,   ' it 's too late '  eos hey ,  hey !  eos i 'd sure hate to be you eos on that dreadful day eos  eos you 're gonna start to sweat eos and you ai n't gonna stop eos you 're gonna have a nightmare eos and never wake up eos hey ,  hey ,  hey !  eos i 'd sure hate to be you eos on that dreadful day eos  eos you 're gonna cry for pills eos and your head 's gonna be in a knot eos but the pills are gonna cost more eos than what you 've got eos hey ,  hey !  eos i 'd sure hate to be you eos on that dreadful day eos  eos you 're gonna have to walk naked eos ca n't ride in no car eos you 're gonna let ev ' rybody see eos just what you are eos hey ,  hey !  eos i 'd sure hate to be you eos on that dreadful day eos  eos well ,  the good wine 's a - flowin '  eos for five cents a quart eos you 're gonna look in your moneybags eos and find you 're one cent short eos hey ,  hey ,  hey !  eos i 'd sure hate to be you eos on that dreadful day eos  eos you 're gonna yell and scream eos  ' do n't anybody care ?  '  eos you 're gonna hear out a voice say eos  ' shoulda listened when you heard the word down there '  eos hey ,  hey !  eos i 'd sure hate to be you eos on that dreadful dayif dogs run free ,  then why not we eos across the swooping plain ?  eos my ears hear a symphony eos of two mules ,  trains and rain eos the best is always yet to come eos that 's what they explain to me eos just do your thing ,  you 'll be king eos if dogs run free eos  eos if dogs run free ,  why not me eos across the swamp of time ?  eos my mind weaves a symphony eos and tapestry of rhyme eos oh ,  winds which rush my tale to thee eos so it may flow and be eos to each his own ,  it 's all unknown eos if dogs run free eos  eos if dogs run free ,  then what must be eos must be ,  and that is all eos true love can make a blade of grass eos stand up straight and tall eos in harmony with the cosmic sea eos true love needs no company eos it can cure the soul ,  it can make it whole eos if dogs run freewhen your mother sends back all your invitations eos and your father to your sister he explains eos that you 're tired of yourself and all of your creations eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos  eos now when all of the flower ladies want back what they have lent you eos and the smell of their roses does not remain eos and all of your children start to resent you eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos  eos now when all the clowns that you have commissioned eos have died in battle or in vain eos and you 're sick of all this repetition eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos  eos when all of your advisers heave their plastic eos at your feet to convince you of your pain eos trying to prove that your conclusions should be more drastic eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos  eos now when all the bandits that you turned your other cheek to eos all lay down their bandanas and complain eos and you want somebody you do n't have to speak to eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ?  eos wo n't you come see me ,  queen jane ? all the tired horses in the sun eos how 'm i supposed to get any ridin '  done ?  hmm . something is burning ,  baby ,  are you aware ?  eos something is the matter ,  baby ,  there 's smoke in your hair eos are you still my friend ,  baby ,  show me a sign eos is the love in your heart for me turning blind ?  eos  eos you 've been avoiding the main streets for a long ,  long while eos the truth that i 'm seeking is in your missing file eos what 's your position ,  baby ,  what 's going on ?  eos why is the light in your eyes nearly gone ?  eos  eos i know everything about this place ,  or so it seems eos am i no longer a part of your plans or your dreams ?  eos well ,  it is so obvious that something has changed eos what 's happening ,  baby ,  to make you act so strange ?  eos  eos something is burning ,  baby ,  here 's what i say eos even the bloodhounds of london could n't find you today eos i see the shadow of a man ,  baby ,  makin '  you blue eos who is he ,  baby ,  and what 's he to you ?  eos  eos we 've reached the edge of the road ,  baby ,  where the pasture begins eos where charity is supposed to cover up a multitude of sins eos but where do you live ,  baby ,  and where is the light ?  eos why are your eyes just staring off in the night ?  eos  eos i can feel it in the night when i think of you eos i can feel it in the light and it 's got to be true eos you ca n't live by bread alone ,  you wo n't be satisfied eos you ca n't roll away the stone if your hands are tied eos  eos got to start someplace ,  baby ,  can you explain ?  eos please do n't fade away on me ,  baby ,  like the midnight train eos answer me ,  baby ,  a casual look will do eos just what in the world has come over you ?  eos  eos i can feel it in the wind and it 's upside down eos i can feel it in the dust as i get off the bus on the outskirts of town eos i 've had the mexico city blues since the last hairpin curve eos i do n't wanna see you bleed ,  i know what you need but it ai n't what you deserve eos  eos something is burning ,  baby ,  something 's in flames eos there 's a man going  ' round calling names eos ring down when you 're ready ,  baby ,  i 'm waiting for you eos i believe in the impossible ,  you know that i dohoney ,  just allow me one more chance eos to get along with you eos honey ,  just allow me one more chance eos ah 'll do anything with you eos well ,  i 'm a - walkin '  down the road eos with my head in my hand eos i 'm lookin '  for a woman eos needs a worried man eos just - a one kind favor i ask you eos  ' low me just - a one more chance eos  eos honey ,  just allow me one more chance eos to ride your aeroplane eos honey ,  just allow me one more chance eos to ride your passenger train eos well ,  i 've been lookin '  all over eos for a gal like you eos i ca n't find nobody eos so you 'll have to do eos just - a one kind favor i ask you eos  ' low me just - a one more chance eos  eos honey ,  just allow me one more chance eos to get along with you eos honey ,  just allow me one more chance eos ah 'll do anything with you eos well ,  lookin '  for a woman eos that ai n't got no man eos is just lookin '  for a needle eos that is lost in the sand eos just - a one kind favor i ask you eos  ' low me just - a one more chancehawlin alley on a dark and drizzly night ,  eos billy lyons and stack - a - lee had one terrible fight .  eos all about that john b .  stetson hat .  eos  eos stack - a - lee walked to the bar - room ,  and he called for a glass of beer ,  eos turned around to billy lyons ,  said ,   " what are you doin '  here ?  "  eos  " waitin '  for a train ,  please bring my woman home .  eos  eos  " stack - a - lee ,  oh stack - a - lee .  please do n't take my life .  eos got three little children and a - weepin '  ,  lovin '  wife .  eos you 're a bad man ,  bad man ,  stack - a - lee .  "  eos  eos  " god bless your children and i 'll take care of your wife .  eos you stole my john b .  ,  now i 'm bound to take your life .  "  eos all about that john b .  stetson hat .  eos  eos stack - a - lee turned to billy lyons and he shot him right through the head ,  eos only taking one shot to kill billy lyons dead .  eos all about that john b .  stetson hat .  eos  eos sent for the doctor ,  well the doctor he did come ,  eos just pointed out stack - a - lee ,  said ,   " now what have you done ?  "  eos you 're a bad man ,  bad man ,  stack - a - lee .  "  eos  eos six big horses and a rubber - tired hack ,  eos taking him to the cemetery ,  buy they failed to bring him back .  eos all about that john b .  stetson hat .  eos  eos hawlin alley ,  thought i heard the bulldogs bark .  eos it must have been old stack - a - lee stumbling in the dark .  eos he 's a bad man ,  gonna land him right back in jail .  eos  eos high police walked on to stack - a - lee ,  he was lying fast asleep .  eos high police walked on to stack - a - lee ,  and he jumped forty feet .  eos he 's a bad man ,  gonna land him right back in jail .  eos  eos well they got old stack - a - lee and they laid him right back in jail .  eos could n't get a man around to go stack - a lee 's bail eos all about that john b .  stetson hat .  eos  eos stack - a - lee turned to the jailer ,  he said ,   " jailer ,  i ca n't sleep .  eos  ' round my bedside billy lyons began to creep .  "  eos all about that john b .  stetson hat . sign on the window says  ' lonely '  eos sign on the door said  ' no company allowed '  eos sign on the street says  ' y '  do n't own me '  eos sign on the porch says  ' three 's a crowd '  eos sign on the porch says  ' three 's a crowd '  eos  eos her and her boyfriend went to california eos her and her boyfriend done changed their tune eos my best friend said ,   ' now didn '  i warn ya eos brighton girls are like the moon eos brighton girls are like the moon '  eos  eos looks like a - nothing but rain  .   .   .  eos sure gonna be wet tonight on main street  .   .   .  eos hope that it do n't sleet eos  eos build me a cabin in utah eos marry me a wife ,  catch rainbow trout eos have a bunch of kids who call me  ' pa '  eos that must be what it 's all about eos that must be what it 's all abouti love you more than ever ,  more than time and more than love eos i love you more than money and more than the stars above eos love you more than madness ,  more than waves upon the sea eos love you more than life itself ,  you mean that much to me eos  eos ever since you walked right in ,  the circle 's been complete eos i 've said goodbye to haunted rooms and faces in the street eos to the courtyard of the jester which is hidden from the sun eos i love you more than ever and i have n't yet begun eos  eos you breathed on me and made my life a richer one to live eos when i was deep in poverty you taught me how to give eos dried the tears up from my dreams and pulled me from the hole eos quenched my thirst and satisfied the burning in my soul eos  eos you gave me babies one ,  two ,  three ,  what is more ,  you saved my life eos eye for eye and tooth for tooth ,  your love cuts like a knife eos my thoughts of you do n't ever rest ,  they 'd kill me if i lie eos i 'd sacrifice the world for you and watch my senses die eos  eos the tune that is yours and mine to play upon this earth eos we 'll play it out the best we know ,  whatever it is worth eos what 's lost is lost ,  we ca n't regain what went down in the flood eos but happiness to me is you and i love you more than blood eos  eos it 's never been my duty to remake the world at large eos nor is it my intention to sound a battle charge eos  ' cause i love you more than all of that with a love that does n't bend eos and if there is eternity i 'd love you there again eos  eos oh ,  ca n't you see that you were born to stand by my side eos and i was born to be with you ,  you were born to be my bride eos you 're the other half of what i am ,  you 're the missing piece eos and i love you more than ever with that love that does n't cease eos  eos you turn the tide on me each day and teach my eyes to see eos just bein '  next to you is a natural thing for me eos and i could never let you go ,  no matter what goes on eos  ' cause i love you more than ever now that the past is gonei 'm beginning to hear voices and there 's no one around eos well ,  i 'm all used up and the fields have turned brown eos i went to church on sunday and she passed by eos my love for her is taking such a long time to die eos  eos i 'm waist deep ,  waist deep in the mist eos it 's almost like ,  almost like i do n't exist eos i 'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound eos  eos the walls of pride are high and wide eos ca n't see over to the other side eos it 's such a sad thing to see beauty decay eos it 's sadder still to feel your heart torn away eos  eos one look at you and i 'm out of control eos like the universe has swallowed me whole eos i 'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound eos  eos there 's too many people ,  too many to recall eos i thought some of  'm were friends of mine ,  i was wrong about  'm all eos well ,  the road is rocky and the hillside 's mud eos up over my head nothing but clouds of blood eos  eos i found my world ,  found my world in you eos but your love just has n't proved true eos i 'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound eos twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound eos  eos oh ,  the winds in chicago have torn me to shreds eos reality has always had too many heads eos some things last longer than you think they will eos there are some kind of things you can never kill eos  eos it 's you and you only i been thinking about eos but you ca n't see in and it 's hard lookin '  out eos i 'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound eos  eos well the fat 's in the fire and the water 's in the tank eos the whiskey 's in the jar and the money 's in the bank eos i tried to love and protect you because i cared eos i 'm gonna remember forever the joy that we shared eos  eos looking at you and i 'm on my bended knee eos you have no idea what you do to me eos i 'm twenty miles out of town in cold irons bound eos twenty miles out of town in cold irons boundi woke up this mornin '  eos there were tears in my bed eos they killed a man i really loved eos shot him through the head eos lord ,  lord eos they cut george jackson down eos lord ,  lord eos they laid him in the ground eos  eos sent him off to prison eos for a seventy - dollar robbery eos closed the door behind him eos and they threw away the key eos lord ,  lord eos they cut george jackson down eos lord ,  lord eos they laid him in the ground eos  eos he would n't take shit from no one eos he would n't bow down or kneel eos authorities ,  they hated him eos because he was just too real eos lord ,  lord eos they cut george jackson down eos lord ,  lord eos they laid him in the ground eos  eos prison guards ,  they cursed him eos as they watched him from above eos but they were frightened of his power eos they were scared of his love .  eos lord ,  lord ,  eos so they cut george jackson down .  eos lord ,  lord ,  eos they laid him in the ground .  eos  eos sometimes i think this whole world eos is one big prison yard eos some of us are prisoners eos the rest of us are guards eos lord ,  lord eos they cut george jackson down eos lord ,  lord eos they laid him in the groundwell ,  they 'll stone ya when you 're trying to be so good eos they 'll stone ya just a - like they said they would eos they 'll stone ya when you 're tryin '  to go home eos then they 'll stone ya when you 're there all alone eos but i would not feel so all alone eos everybody must get stoned eos  eos well ,  they 'll stone ya when you 're walkin '   ' long the street eos they 'll stone ya when you 're tryin '  to keep your seat eos they 'll stone ya when you 're walkin '  on the floor eos they 'll stone ya when you 're walkin '  to the door eos but i would not feel so all alone eos everybody must get stoned eos  eos they 'll stone ya when you 're at the breakfast table eos they 'll stone ya when you are young and able eos they 'll stone ya when you 're tryin '  to make a buck eos they 'll stone ya and then they 'll say ,   ' good luck '  eos tell ya what ,  i would not feel so all alone eos everybody must get stoned eos  eos well ,  they 'll stone you and say that it 's the end eos then they 'll stone you and then they 'll come back again eos they 'll stone you when you 're riding in your car eos they 'll stone you when you 're playing your guitar eos yes ,  but i would not feel so all alone eos everybody must get stoned eos  eos well ,  they 'll stone you when you walk all alone eos they 'll stone you when you are walking home eos they 'll stone you and then say you are brave eos they 'll stone you when you are set down in your grave eos but i would not feel so all alone eos everybody must get stonedollie told me i 'm a fool .  so i eos walked on down the road a mile ,  went to the house that brings a smile eos sat upon my grandpa 's knee ,  and what do you think he said to me ?  eos  eos when you awake you will remember ev ' rything ,  you will be eos hangin '  on a string from your .  .  .  when you believe ,  you will relieve the only soul eos that you were born with to grow old and never know eos  eos ollie showed me the fork in the road .  eos you can take to the left or go straight to the right ,  eos use your days and save your nights ,  eos be careful where you step ,  and watch wha - cha eat ,  eos sleep with the light on and you got it beat .  eos  eos when you awake you will remember ev ' rything ,  you will be eos hangin '  on a string from your .  .  .  when you believe ,  you will relieve the only soul eos that you were born with to grow old and never know eos  eos ollie warned me it 's a mean old world ,  eos the street do n't greet ya ,  yes ,  it 's true ;  eos but what am i supposed to do :  eos read the writing on the wall ,  eos i heard itwhen i was very small .  eos  eos when you awake you will remember ev ' rything ,  you will be eos hangin '  on a string from your .  .  .  when you believe ,  you will relieve the only soul eos that you were born with to grow old and never know eos  eos wash my hand in lye water ,  i got a date with the eos captains daughter .  you can go and tell your brother .  we sure gonna eos love one another ,  oh !  you eos may be right and ya might be wrong ,  i ai n't gonna worry all day long .  eos  eos snow 's gonna come and the frost gonna bite ,  my old car froze eos up last night .  ai n't no reason to hang your head i could wake up in the eos mornin '  dead .  oh !  and eos if i thought it would do any good ,  i 'd stand on the rock where moses stood . i was listening to the voices of death on parade eos singing about conspiracy ,  wanted me to be afraid eos working for a system i could n't understand or trust eos suffered ridicule and wanting to give it all up in disgust eos  eos but you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos in hunger and need ,  you made my heart bleed eos you changed my life eos  eos talk about salvation ,  people suddenly get tired eos they got a million things to do ,  they 're all so inspired eos you do the work of the devil ,  you got a million friends eos they 'll be there when you got something ,  they 'll take it all in the end eos  eos but you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos i was under the gun ,  clouds blocking the sun eos you changed my life eos  eos well ,  the nature of man is to beg and to steal eos i do it myself ,  it 's not so unreal eos the call of the wild is forever at my door eos wants me to fly like an eagle while being chained to the floor eos  eos but you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos from silver and gold to what man cannot hold eos you changed my life eos  eos i was eating with the pigs off a fancy tray eos i was told i was looking good and to have a nice day eos it all seemed so proper ,  it all seemed so elite eos eating that absolute garbage while being so discreet eos  eos but you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos from silver and gold to what man cannot hold eos you changed my life eos  eos you were glowing in the sun while being peaceably calm eos while orphans of man danced to the beat of the palm eos your eyes were on fire ,  your feet were of brass eos in the world you had made they made you an outcast eos  eos you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos from silver and gold to what man cannot hold eos you changed my life eos  eos there was someone in my body that i could hardly see eos invading my privacy making my decisions for me eos holding me back ,  not letting me stand eos making me feel like a stranger in a strange land eos  eos but you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos you come down the line ,  give me a new mind eos you changed my life eos  eos my lord and my savior ,  my companion ,  my friend eos heart fixer ,  mind regulator ,  true to the end eos my creator ,  my comforter ,  my cause for joy eos what the world is set against but will never destroy eos  eos you changed my life eos came along in a time of strife eos you came in like the wind ,  like errol flynn eos you changed my lifewell i 'm pressing on eos yes ,  i 'm pressing on eos well i 'm pressing on eos to the higher calling of my lord eos  eos many try to stop me ,  shake me up in my mind eos say ,   ' prove to me that he is lord ,  show me a sign '  eos what kind of sign they need when it all come from within eos when what 's lost has been found ,  what 's to come has already been ?  eos  eos well i 'm pressing on eos yes ,  i 'm pressing on eos well i 'm pressing on eos to the higher calling of my lord eos  eos shake the dust off of your feet ,  do n't look back eos nothing now can hold you down ,  nothing that you lack eos temptation 's not an easy thing ,  adam given the devil reign eos because he sinned i got no choice ,  it run in my vein eos  eos well i 'm pressing on eos yes ,  i 'm pressing on eos well i 'm pressing on eos to the higher calling of my lordcome baby ,  find me ,  come baby ,  remind me of where i once begun eos come baby ,  show me ,  show me you know me ,  tell me you 're the one eos i could be learning ,  you could be yearning to see behind closed doors eos but i will always be emotionally yours eos  eos come baby ,  rock me ,  come baby ,  lock me into the shadows of your heart eos come baby ,  teach me ,  come baby ,  reach me ,  let the music start eos i could be dreaming but i keep believing you 're the one i 'm livin '  for eos and i will always be emotionally yours eos  eos it 's like my whole life never happened eos when i see you ,  it 's as if i never had a thought eos i know this dream ,  it might be crazy eos but it 's the only one i 've got eos  eos come baby ,  shake me ,  come baby ,  take me ,  i would be satisfied eos come baby ,  hold me ,  come baby ,  help me ,  my arms are open wide eos i could be unraveling wherever i 'm traveling ,  even to foreign shores eos but i will always be emotionally yoursblack jack davey come a - riden '  on back ,  eos a - whistlin '  loud and merry .  eos made the woods around him ring ,  eos and he charmed the heart of a lady ,  eos charmed the heart of a lady .  eos  eos  " how old are you ,  my pretty little miss ,  eos how old are you ,  my honey "  eos she answered to him with a lovin '  smile eos  " i 'll be sixteen come sunday ,  eos be sixteen come sunday .  "  eos  eos  " come and go with me ,  my pretty little miss ,  eos come and go with me ,  my honey ,  eos take you where the grass grows green ,  eos you never will want for money eos you never will want for money eos  eos  " pull off ,  pull off them high - heeled shoes eos all made of spanish leather .  eos get behind me on my horse eos and we 'll ride off together ,  eos we 'll both go off together .  "  eos  eos well ,  she pulled off them high - heeled shoes eos made of spanish leather .  eos got behind him on his horse eos and they rode off together .  eos they rode off together .  eos  eos at night the boss came home eos inquiring about this lady .  eos the servant spoke before she thought ,  eos  " she 's been with black jack dave ,  eos rode off with black jack davey .  "  eos  eos  " well ,  saddle for me my coal black stud ,  eos he 's speedier than the gray .  eos i rode all day and i 'll ride all night ,  eos and i 'll overtake my lady .  eos i 'll bring back my lady .  "  eos  eos well ,  he rode all night till the broad daylight ,  eos till he came to a river ragin '  ,  eos and there he spied his darlin '  bride eos in the arms of black jack davey .  eos wrapped up with black jack davey .  eos  eos  " pull off ,  pull off them long blue gloves eos all made of the finest leather .  eos give to me your lily - white hand eos and we 'll both go home together .  eos we 'll both go home together .  "  eos  eos well ,  she pulled off them long blue gloves eos all made of the finest leather .  eos gave to him her lily - white hand eos and said good - bye forever .  eos bid farewell forever .  eos  eos  " would you forsake your house and home ,  eos would you forsake your baby ?  eos would you forsake your husband ,  too ,  eos to go with black jack davey .  eos rode off with black jack davey ?  "  eos  eos  " well ,  i 'll forsake my house and home ,  eos and i 'll forsake my baby .  eos i 'll forsake my husband ,  too ,  eos for the love of black jack davey .  eos ride off with black jack davey .  "  eos  eos  " last night i slept in a feather bed eos between my husband and baby .  eos tonight i lay on the river banks eos in the arms of black jack davey ,  eos love my black jack davey .  " stranded out in the night ,  eos eliza took me down eos to see the widow give eos rain to the town .  eos it 's against the law eos to be a tonic man ,  eos but the widow knows eos she 's got the upper hand .  eos so i went on in eos feelin '  kinda wheezy .  eos you know she soothed my mind ,  boys ,  eos she rocked me kinda slow and easy eos all day and all night .  eos  eos pick a card before you go eos it 's a long trip to mexico .  eos  eos eliza wait by the door ,  eos i ca n't stay here anymore ,  no ,  no .  eos  eos then she took a pill eos she washed her feet in the mud eos she said  " look out son ,  eos you know ,  i just ordered a flood eos for forty days and forty nights "  .  eos  eos then i dropped my shoes ,  eos eliza called my name .  eos she said it looked to her eos like it 's gonna rain .  eos then the cotton king eos came in chokin '  eos and the widow laughed and said :  eos  " i ai n't jokin '  .  eos take once for all "  eos she said  " now do n't ya tease me .  eos i just fell in love ,  boy ,  eos so rock me kinda slow and kinda easy ,  eos all day and all night .  "  eos  eos sweet william said eos with a drunken head :  eos  " if i had a boat ,  eos i 'd help y ' all float "  .  eos eliza stood there watching ,  eos william in a trance ,  eos as the widow did the st .  vitus dance .  eos but just then an old man eos with a boat named  " breezy "  eos said :   " you can ride with clyde ,  boys ,  eos if you rock it kinda slow and easy ,  eos all day and all night "  . silent weekend eos my baby she gave it to me eos silent weekend eos my baby she gave it to me eos she 's actin '  tough and hardy eos she says it ai n't my party eos and she 's leavin '  me in misery eos  eos silent weekend eos my baby she took me by surprise eos silent weekend eos my baby she took me by surprise eos she 's rockin '  and a - reelin '  eos head up to ceiling eos an '  swinging with some other guys eos  eos silent weekend eos oh lord ,  i wish monday would come eos silent weekend eos oh lord ,  i sure wish monday would come eos she 's uppity ,  she 's rollin '  eos she 's in the groove ,  she 's strolling eos over to the jukebox playin '  deaf and dumb eos  eos well ,  i done a whole lotta thinkin '   ' bout a whole lot of cheatin '  eos and i ,  maybe i did some just to please eos but i just walloped a lotta pizza after makin '  our peace eos puts ya down on bended knees eos  eos silent weekend eos man alive ,  i 'm burnin '  up on my brain eos silent weekend eos man alive ,  i 'm burnin '  up on my brain eos she knows when i 'm just teasin '  eos but it 's not likely in the season eos to open up a passenger trainsometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna leave my lonesome home eos and sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna hear my milk cow moan eos and sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna hit that highway road eos but then again ,  but then again ,  i said oh ,  i said oh ,  i said eos oh babe ,  i 'm in the mood for you eos  eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  lord ,  i had my overflowin '  fill eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i 'm gonna make out my final will eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i 'm gonna head for the walkin '  hill eos but then again ,  but then again ,  i said oh ,  i said oh ,  i said eos oh babe ,  i 'm in the mood for you eos  eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna lay right down and die eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna climb up to the sky eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i 'm gonna laugh until i cry eos but then again ,  i said again ,  i said again ,  i said eos oh babe ,  i 'm in the mood for you eos  eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i 'm gonna sleep in my pony 's stall eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i ai n't gonna do nothin '  at all eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna fly like a cannonball eos but then again ,  but then again ,  i said oh ,  i said oh ,  i said eos oh babe ,  i 'm in the mood for you eos  eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna back up against the wall eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna run till i have to crawl eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i ai n't gonna do nothin '  at all eos but then again ,  but then again ,  i said oh ,  i said oh ,  i said eos oh babe ,  i 'm in the mood for you eos  eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i wanna change my house around eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i 'm gonna make a change in this here town eos sometimes i 'm in the mood ,  i 'm gonna change the world around eos but then again ,  but then again ,  i said oh ,  i said oh ,  i said eos oh babe ,  i 'm in the mood for youwell ,  i thought that the rain would cool things down eos but it looks like it do n't eos i 'd like to get you to change your mind eos but it looks like you wo n't eos  eos from now on i 'll be busy eos ai n't goin '  nowhere fast eos i 'm just glad it 's over eos and i 'm seeing the real you at last eos  eos well ,  did n't i risk my neck for you eos did n't i take chances ?  eos did n't i rise above it all for you eos the most unfortunate circumstances ?  eos  eos well ,  i have had some rotten nights eos did n't think that they would pass eos i 'm just thankful and grateful eos to be seeing the real you at last eos  eos i 'm hungry and i 'm irritable eos and i 'm tired of this bag of tricks eos at one time there was nothing wrong with me eos that you could not fix eos  eos well ,  i sailed through the storm eos strapped to the mast eos but the time has come eos and i 'm seeing the real you at last eos  eos when i met you ,  baby eos you did n't show no visible scars eos you could ride like annie oakley eos you could shoot like belle starr eos  eos well ,  i do n't mind a reasonable amount of trouble eos trouble always comes to pass eos but all i care about now eos is that i 'm seeing the real you at last eos  eos well ,  i 'm gonna quit this baby talk now eos i guess i should have known eos i got troubles ,  i think maybe you got troubles eos i think maybe we 'd better leave each other alone eos  eos whatever you gonna do eos please do it fast eos i 'm still trying to get used to eos seeing the real you at lastoh ,  the benches were stained with tears and perspiration eos the birdies were flying from tree to tree eos there was little to say ,  there was no conversation eos as i stepped to the stage to pick up my degree eos and the locusts sang off in the distance eos yeah ,  the locusts sang such a sweet melody eos oh ,  the locusts sang off in the distance eos yeah ,  the locusts sang and they were singing for me eos  eos i glanced into the chamber where the judges were talking eos darkness was everywhere ,  it smelled like a tomb eos i was ready to leave ,  i was already walkin '  eos but the next time i looked there was light in the room eos and the locusts sang ,  yeah ,  it give me a chill eos oh ,  the locusts sang such a sweet melody eos oh ,  the locusts sang their high whining trill eos yeah ,  the locusts sang and they were singing for me eos  eos outside of the gates the trucks were unloadin '  eos the weather was hot ,  a - nearly 90 degrees eos the man standin '  next to me ,  his head was exploding eos well ,  i was prayin '  the pieces would n't fall on me eos yeah ,  the locusts sang off in the distance eos yeah ,  the locusts sang such a sweet melody eos oh ,  the locusts sang off in the distance eos and the locusts sang and they were singing for me eos  eos i put down my robe ,  picked up my diploma eos took hold of my sweetheart and away we did drive eos straight for the hills ,  the black hills of dakota eos sure was glad to get out of there alive eos and the locusts sang ,  well ,  it give me a chill eos yeah ,  the locusts sang such a sweet melody eos and the locusts sang with a high whinin '  trill eos yeah ,  the locusts sang and they was singing for me eos singing for me ,  well ,  singing for mewell met ,  well met ,  my own true love eos well met ,  well met ,  cried she eos i 've just returned from the salt ,  salt sea eos and it 's all for the love of thee eos  eos i could have married a king 's daughter there eos she would have married me eos but i have forsaken my king 's daughter there eos it 's all for the love of thee eos  eos well ,  if you could have married a king 's daughter there eos i 'm sure you 're the one to blame eos for i am married to a house carpenter eos and i 'm sure he 's a fine young man eos  eos forsake ,  forsake your house carpenter eos and come away with me eos i 'll take you where the green grass grows eos on the shores of sunny italy eos  eos so up she picked her babies three eos and gave them kisses ,  one ,  two ,  three eos saying  " take good care of your daddy while i 'm gone eos and keep him good company .  "  eos  eos well ,  they were sailin '  about two weeks eos i 'm sure it was not three eos when the younger of the girls ,  she came on deck eos sayin '  she wants company eos  eos  " well ,  are you weepin '  for your house and home ?  eos or are you weepin '  for your babies three ?  "  eos  " well ,  i 'm not weepin '  for my house carpenter eos i 'm weepin '  for my babies three .  "  eos  eos oh what are those hills yonder ,  my love eos they look as white as snow eos those are the hill of heaven ,  my love eos you and i 'll never know eos  eos oh what are those hills yonder ,  my love eos they look as dark as night eos those are the hills of hell - fire my love eos where you and i will unite eos  eos oh twice around went the gallant ship eos i 'm sure it was not three eos when the ship all of a sudden ,  it sprung a leak eos and it drifted to the bottom of the seathe sweet pretty things are in bed now of course eos the city fathers they 're trying to endorse eos the reincarnation of paul revere 's horse eos but the town has no need to be nervous eos  eos the ghost of belle starr she hands down her wits eos to jezebel the nun she violently knits eos a bald wig for jack the ripper who sits eos at the head of the chamber of commerce eos  eos mama 's in the fact ' ry eos she ai n't got no shoes eos daddy 's in the alley eos he 's lookin '  for the fuse eos i 'm in the streets eos with the tombstone blues eos  eos the hysterical bride in the penny arcade eos screaming she moans ,   ' i 've just been made '  eos then sends out for the doctor who pulls down the shade eos says ,   ' my advice is to not let the boys in '  eos  eos now the medicine man comes and he shuffles inside eos he walks with a swagger and he says to the bride eos  ' stop all this weeping ,  swallow your pride eos you will not die ,  it 's not poison '  eos  eos mama 's in the fact ' ry eos she ai n't got no shoes eos daddy 's in the alley eos he 's lookin '  for the fuse eos i 'm in the streets eos with the tombstone blues eos  eos well ,  john the baptist after torturing a thief eos looks up at his hero the commander - in - chief eos saying ,   ' tell me great hero ,  but please make it brief eos is there a hole for me to get sick in ?  '  eos  eos the commander - in - chief answers him while chasing a fly eos saying ,   ' death to all those who would whimper and cry '  eos and dropping a barbell he points to the sky eos saying ,   ' the sun 's not yellow it 's chicken '  eos  eos mama 's in the fact ' ry eos she ai n't got no shoes eos daddy 's in the alley eos he 's lookin '  for the fuse eos i 'm in the streets eos with the tombstone blues eos  eos the king of the philistines his soldiers to save eos puts jawbones on their tombstones and flatters their graves eos puts the pied pipers in prison and fattens the slaves eos then sends them out to the jungle eos  eos gypsy davey with a blowtorch he burns out their camps eos with his faithful slave pedro behind him he tramps eos with a fantastic collection of stamps eos to win friends and influence his uncle eos  eos mama 's in the fact ' ry eos she ai n't got no shoes eos daddy 's in the alley eos he 's lookin '  for the fuse eos i 'm in the streets eos with the tombstone blues eos  eos the geometry of innocence flesh on the bone eos causes galileo 's math book to get thrown eos at delilah who sits worthlessly alone eos but the tears on her cheeks are from laughter eos  eos now i wish i could give brother bill his great thrill eos i would set him in chains at the top of the hill eos then send out for some pillars and cecil b .  demille eos he could die happily ever after eos  eos mama 's in the fact ' ry eos she ai n't got no shoes eos daddy 's in the alley eos he 's lookin '  for the fuse eos i 'm in the streets eos with the tombstone blues eos  eos where ma rainey and beethoven once unwrapped their bedroll eos tuba players now rehearse around the flagpole eos and the national bank at a profit sells road maps for the soul eos to the old folks home and the college eos  eos now i wish i could write you a melody so plain eos that could hold you dear lady from going insane eos that could ease you and cool you and cease the pain eos of your useless and pointless knowledge eos  eos mama 's in the fact ' ry eos she ai n't got no shoes eos daddy 's in the alley eos he 's lookin '  for the fuse eos i 'm in the streets eos with the tombstone bluesinstrumentalbessie was more than just a friend of mine eos we shared the good times with the bad eos now many a year has passed me by eos i still recall the best thing i ever had eos  eos i 'm just goin '  down the road t '  see bessie eos oh ,  see her soon eos goin '  down the road t '  see bessie smith eos when i get there i wonder what she 'll do eos  eos now all the crazy things i had to try eos well i tried them all and then some eos but if you 're lucky one day you find out eos where it is you 're really comin '  from eos  eos i 'm just goin '  down the road t '  see bessie eos oh ,  see her soon eos goin '  down the road t '  see bessie smith eos when i get there i wonder what she '  ' l do eos  eos now in my day i 've made some foolish moves eos but back then ,  i did n't worry  ' bout a thing eos and now again i still wonder to myself eos was it her sweet love or the way that she could sing eos  eos i 'm just goin '  down the road t '  see bessie eos oh ,  see her soon eos goin '  down the road t '  see bessie smith eos when i get there i wonder what she 'll do eos  eos there 's so much time has gone right on by eos i did n't think one could be so wrong eos and then one night i was drinkin '  and a - thinkin '  eos in the bottom of the glass i could see bessie 's face so strong eos  eos i 'm just goin '  down the road t '  see bessie eos oh ,  see her soon eos goin '  down the road t '  see bessie smith eos when i get there i wonder what she 'll do eos  eos when she sees me will she know what i 've been through ?   eos will old times start to feelin '  like new ?   eos when i get there will our love still feel so true ?   eos yet all i have ,  i 'll be a - bringin '  it to you eos oh bessie ,  sing them old - time bluesyou harbor resentment eos you know there ai n't too much of a thrill eos you wish for contentment eos but you got an emptiness that ca n't be filled eos you 've had enough of hatred eos your bones are breaking ,  ca n't find nothing sacred eos  eos ye shall be changed ,  ye shall be changed eos in a twinkling of an eye ,  when the last trumpet blows eos the dead will arise and burst out of your clothes eos and ye shall be changed eos  eos everything you 've gotten eos you 've gotten by sweat ,  blood and muscle eos from early in the morning  ' til way past dark eos all you ever do is hustle eos all your loved ones have walked out the door eos you 're not even sure  ' bout your wife and kids no more ,  but eos  eos ye shall be changed ,  ye shall be changed eos in a twinkling of an eye ,  when the last trumpet blows eos the dead will arise and burst out of your clothes eos and ye shall be changed eos  eos the past do n't control you eos but the future 's like a roulette wheel spinning eos deep down inside eos you know you need a whole new beginning eos do n't have to go to russia or iran eos just surrender to god and he 'll move you right here where you stand ,  and eos  eos ye shall be changed ,  ye shall be changed eos in a twinkling of an eye ,  when the last trumpet blows eos the dead will arise and burst out of your clothes eos and ye shall be changed eos  eos you drink bitter water eos and you been eating the bread of sorrow eos you ca n't live for today eos when all you 're ever thinking of is tomorrow eos the path you 've endured has been rough eos when you 've decided that you 've had enough ,  then eos  eos ye shall be changed ,  ye shall be changed eos in a twinkling of an eye ,  when the last trumpet blows eos the dead will arise and burst out of your clothes eos and ye shall be changedour conversation was short and sweet eos it nearly swept me off - a my feet eos and i 'm back in the rain ,  oh ,  oh eos and you are on dry land eos you made it there somehow eos you 're a big girl now eos  eos bird on the horizon ,  sittin '  on a fence eos he 's singin '  his song for me at his own expense eos and i 'm just like that bird ,  oh ,  oh eos singin '  just for you eos i hope that you can hear eos hear me singin '  through these tears eos  eos time is a jet plane ,  it moves too fast eos oh ,  but what a shame if all we 've shared ca n't last eos i can change ,  i swear ,  oh ,  oh eos see what you can do eos i can make it through eos you can make it too eos  eos love is so simple ,  to quote a phrase eos you 've known it all the time ,  i 'm learnin '  it these days eos oh ,  i know where i can find you ,  oh ,  oh eos in somebody 's room eos it 's a price i have to pay eos you 're a big girl all the way eos  eos a change in the weather is known to be extreme eos but what 's the sense of changing horses in midstream ?  eos i 'm going out of my mind ,  oh ,  oh eos with a pain that stops and starts eos like a corkscrew to my heart eos ever since we 've been aparti pity the poor immigrant eos who wishes he would 've stayed home eos who uses all his power to do evil eos but in the end is always left so alone eos that man whom with his fingers cheats eos and who lies with ev ' ry breath eos who passionately hates his life eos and likewise ,  fears his death eos  eos i pity the poor immigrant eos whose strength is spent in vain eos whose heaven is like ironsides eos whose tears are like rain eos who eats but is not satisfied eos who hears but does not see eos who falls in love with wealth itself eos and turns his back on me eos  eos i pity the poor immigrant eos who tramples through the mud eos who fills his mouth with laughing eos and who builds his town with blood eos whose visions in the final end eos must shatter like the glass eos i pity the poor immigrant eos when his gladness comes to passvirgil caine is the name ,  eos and i served on the danville train ,  eos  ' til stoneman 's cavalry eos came and tore up the tracks again .  eos in the winter of  ' 65 ,  eos we were hungry ,  just barely alive .  eos by may the tenth ,  richmond had fell ,  eos it 's a time i remember ,  oh so well ,  eos  eos the night they drove old dixie down ,  eos and the bells were ringing ,  eos the night they drove old dixie down ,  eos and the people were singin '  .  eos  eos they went eos la ,  la ,  la ,  la ,  la ,  la ,  eos la ,  la ,  la ,  la ,  la ,  la ,  eos la ,  la ,  eos  eos back with my wife in tennessee ,  eos when one day she called to me ,  eos  " virgil ,  quick ,  come see ,  eos there goes robert e .  lee !  "  eos now i do n't mind choppin '  wood ,  eos and i do n't care if the money 's no good .  eos ya take what ya need and ya leave the rest ,  eos but they should never have taken the very best .  eos  eos the night they drove old dixie down ,  eos and the bells were ringing ,  eos the night they drove old dixie down ,  eos and the people were singin '  .  eos  eos like my father before me ,  eos i will work the land ,  eos like my brother above me ,  eos who took a rebel stand .  eos he was just eighteen ,  proud and brave ,  eos but a yankee laid him in his grave ,  eos i swear by the mud below my feet ,  eos you ca n't raise a caine back up eos when he 's in defeat . well ,  i 'm hangin '  on to a solid rock eos made before the foundation of the world eos and i wo n't let go ,  and i ca n't let go ,  wo n't let go eos and i ca n't let go ,  wo n't let go and i ca n't let go no more eos  eos for me he was chastised ,  for me he was hated eos for me he was rejected by a world that he created eos nations are angry ,  cursed are some eos people are expecting a false peace to come eos  eos well ,  i 'm hangin '  on to a solid rock eos made before the foundation of the world eos and i wo n't let go and i ca n't let go ,  wo n't let go eos and i ca n't let go ,  wo n't let go and i ca n't let go no more eos  eos it 's the ways of the flesh to war against the spirit eos twenty - four hours a day you can feel it and you can hear it eos using all the devices under the sun eos and he never give up  ' til the battle 's lost or won eos  eos well ,  i 'm hangin '  on to a solid rock eos made before the foundation of the world eos and i wo n't let go and i ca n't let go ,  wo n't let go eos and i ca n't let go ,  wo n't let go and i ca n't let go no morewell ,  it 's always been my nature to take chances eos my right hand drawing back while my left hand advances eos where the current is strong and the monkey dances eos to the tune of a concertina eos  eos blood dryin '  in my yellow hair as i go from shore to shore eos i know what it is that has drawn me to your door eos but whatever it could be ,  makes me think you 've seen me before eos angelina eos  eos oh ,  angelina .  oh ,  angelina eos  eos his eyes were two slits that would make a snake proud eos with a face that any painter would paint as he walked through the crowd eos worshipping a god with the body of a woman well endowed eos and the head of a hyena eos  eos do i need your permission to turn the other cheek ?  eos if you can read my mind ,  why must i speak ?  eos no ,  i have heard nothing about the man that you seek eos angelina eos  eos oh ,  angelina .  oh ,  angelina eos  eos in the valley of the giants where the stars and stripes explode eos the peaches they were sweet and the milk and honey flowed eos i was only following instructions when the judge sent me down the road eos with your subpoena eos  eos when you cease to exist ,  then who will you blame eos i 've tried my best to love you but i cannot play this game eos your best friend and my worst enemy is one and the same eos angelina eos  eos oh ,  angelina .  oh ,  angelina eos  eos there 's a black mercedes rollin '  through the combat zone eos your servants are half dead ,  you 're down to the bone eos tell me ,  tall men ,  where would you like to be overthrown eos maybe down in jerusalem or argentina ?  eos  eos she was stolen from her mother when she was three days old eos now her vengeance has been satisfied and her possessions have been sold eos he 's surrounded by god 's angels and she 's wearin '  a blindfold eos and so are you ,  angelina eos  eos oh ,  angelina .  oh ,  angelina eos  eos i see pieces of men marching ;  trying to take heaven by force eos i can see the unknown rider ,  i can see the pale white horse eos in god 's truth tell me what you want and you 'll have it of course eos just step into the arena eos  eos beat a path of retreat up them spiral staircases eos pass the tree of smoke ,  pass the angel with four faces eos begging god for mercy and weepin '  in unholy places eos angelina eos  eos oh ,  angelina .  oh ,  angelinalet 's keep it between us eos these people meddlin '  in our affairs ,  they 're not our friends eos let 's keep it between us eos before doors close and our togetherness comes to an end eos they 'll turn you against me and me against you eos  ' til we do n't know who to trust eos oh ,  darlin '  ,  can we keep it between us ?  eos  eos let 's keep it between us eos we 've been through too much tough times that they never shared eos they 've had nothing to say to us before eos now all of a sudden it 's as if they 've always cared eos all we need is honesty eos a little humility and trust eos oh ,  darlin '  ,  can we keep it between us ?  eos  eos i know we 're not perfect eos then again ,  neither are they eos they act like we got to live for them eos as if there just ai n't no other way eos and it 's makin '  me kind of tired eos  eos can we just lay back for a moment eos before we wake up and find ourselves in a daze that 's got us out of our minds ?  eos there must be something we 're overlooking here eos we better drop down now and get back behind the lines eos there 's some things not fit for human ears eos some things do n't need to be discussed eos oh ,  darlin '  ,  can we keep it between us ?  eos  eos they 'll tell you one thing and me another eos  ' til we do n't know who to trust eos oh ,  darlin '  ,  can we keep it between us ?  eos  eos let 's keep it between us eos before it all snaps and goes too far eos if we ca n't deal with this by ourselves eos tell me we ai n't worse off than they think we are eos backseat drivers do n't know the feel of the wheel eos but they sure know how to make a fuss eos oh ,  darlin '  ,  can we keep it between us ?  eos  eos can we keep it between us ? how long can i stay in this nowhere café eos  ' fore night turns into day eos i wonder why i 'm so frightened of dawn eos all i have and all i know  eos is this dream of you eos which keeps me living on eos  eos there 's a moment when all old things  eos become new again eos but that moment might have come and gone eos all i have and all i know eos is this dream of you  eos which keeps me living on eos  eos 	i look away ,  but i keep seeing it eos 	i do n't want to believe ,  but i keep believing it eos 	shadows dance upon the wall eos 	shadows that seem to know it all eos  eos am i too blind to see ,  is my heart playing tricks on me eos i 'm lost in the crowd  eos all my tears are gone eos all i have and all i know eos is this dream of you eos which keeps me living on eos  eos 	everything i touch seems to disappear eos 	everywhere i turn you are always here eos 	i 'll run this race until my earthly death eos 	i 'll defend this place with my dying breath eos  eos from a cheerless room in a curtained gloom eos i saw a star from heaven fall eos i turned and looked again but it was gone eos all i have and all i know  eos is this dream of you eos which keeps me living onwe live in a political world eos love do n't have any place eos we 're living in times where men commit crimes eos and crime do n't have a face eos  eos we live in a political world eos icicles hanging down eos wedding bells ring and angels sing eos clouds cover up the ground eos  eos we live in a political world eos wisdom is thrown into jail eos it rots in a cell ,  is misguided as hell eos leaving no one to pick up a trail eos  eos we live in a political world eos where mercy walks the plank eos life is in mirrors ,  death disappears eos up the steps into the nearest bank eos  eos we live in a political world eos where courage is a thing of the past eos houses are haunted ,  children are unwanted eos the next day could be your last eos  eos we live in a political world eos the one we can see and can feel eos but there 's no one to check ,  it 's all a stacked deck eos we all know for sure that it 's real eos  eos we live in a political world eos in the cities of lonesome fear eos little by little you turn in the middle eos but you 're never sure why you 're here eos  eos we live in a political world eos under the microscope eos you can travel anywhere and hang yourself there eos you always got more than enough rope eos  eos we live in a political world eos turning and a - thrashing about eos as soon as you 're awake ,  you 're trained to take eos what looks like the easy way out eos  eos we live in a political world eos where peace is not welcome at all eos it 's turned away from the door to wander some more eos or put up against the wall eos  eos we live in a political world eos everything is hers or his eos climb into the frame and shout god 's name eos but you 're never sure what it iswhen she said eos  ' do n't waste your words ,  they 're just lies '  eos i cried she was deaf eos and she worked on my face until breaking my eyes eos then said ,   ' what else you got left ?  '  eos it was then that i got up to leave eos but she said ,   ' do n't forget eos everybody must give something back eos for something they get '  eos  eos i stood there and hummed eos i tapped on her drum and asked her how come eos and she buttoned her boot eos and straightened her suit eos then she said ,   ' do n't get cute '  eos so i forced my hands in my pockets eos and felt with my thumbs eos and gallantly handed her eos my very last piece of gum eos  eos she threw me outside eos i stood in the dirt where ev ' ryone walked eos and after finding i 'd eos forgotten my shirt eos i went back and knocked eos i waited in the hallway ,  she went to get it eos and i tried to make sense eos out of that picture of you in your wheelchair eos that leaned up against  .   .   .  eos  eos her jamaican rum eos and when she did come ,  i asked her for some eos she said ,   ' no ,  dear '  eos i said ,   ' your words are n't clear eos you 'd better spit out your gum '  eos she screamed till her face got so red eos then she fell on the floor eos and i covered her up and then eos thought i 'd go look through her drawer eos  eos and when i was through eos i filled up my shoe eos and brought it to you eos and you ,  you took me in eos you loved me then eos you did n't waste time eos and i ,  i never took much eos i never asked for your crutch eos now do n't ask for mineca n't you hear that rooster crowin '  ?  eos rabbit runnin '  down across the road eos underneath the bridge where the water flowed through eos so happy just to see you smile eos underneath the sky of blue eos on this new morning ,  new morning eos on this new morning with you eos  eos ca n't you hear that motor turnin '  ?  eos automobile comin '  into style eos comin '  down the road for a country mile or two eos so happy just to see you smile eos underneath the sky of blue eos on this new morning ,  new morning eos on this new morning with you eos  eos the night passed away so quickly eos it always does when you 're with me eos  eos ca n't you feel that sun a - shinin '  ?  eos groundhog runnin '  by the country stream eos this must be the day that all of my dreams come true eos so happy just to be alive eos underneath the sky of blue eos on this new morning ,  new morning eos on this new morning with you eos  eos so happy just to be alive eos underneath the sky of blue eos on this new morning ,  new morning eos on this new morning with you eos new morning  .   .   . they say ,   ' eat ,  drink and be merry eos take the bull by the horns '  eos i keep seeing visions of you ,  a lily among thorns eos everything looks a little far away to me eos  eos gettin '  harder and harder to recognize the trap eos too much information about nothin '  eos too much educated rap eos it 's just like you told me ,  just like you said it would be eos  eos the moon rising like wildfire eos i feel the breath of a storm eos something i got to do tonight eos you go inside and stay warm eos  eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos you— eos yeah ,  you got a hold of my heart eos  eos just got back from a city of flaming red skies eos everybody thinks with their stomach eos there 's plenty of spies eos every street is crooked ,  they just wind around till they disappear eos  eos madame butterfly ,  she lulled me to sleep eos like an ancient river eos so wide and deep eos she said ,   ' be easy ,  baby ,  ai n't nothin '  worth stealin '  here '  eos  eos you 're the one i 've been waitin '  for eos you 're the one i desire eos but you must first realize eos i 'm not another man for hire eos  eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos you ,  you ,  you ,  you eos yeah ,  you got a hold of my heart eos  eos hear that hot - blooded singer eos on the bandstand croon eos september song ,  memphis in june eos while they 're beating the devil out of a guy who 's wearing a powder blue wig eos  eos i been to babylon eos i gotta confess eos i could still hear the voice crying in the wilderness eos what looks large from a distance ,  close up is never that big eos never could learn to drink that blood and call it wine eos never could learn to look at your face and call it mine eos  eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos someone 's got a hold of my heart eos you— eos yeah ,  you got a hold of my heartwell my heart 's in the highlands gentle and fair eos honeysuckle blooming in the wildwood air eos bluebelles blazing where the aberdeen waters flow eos well my heart 's in the highland eos i 'm gonna go there when i feel good enough to go eos  eos windows were shakin '  all night in my dreams eos everything was exactly the way that it seems eos woke up this morning and i looked at the same old page eos same ol '  rat race eos life in the same ol '  cage eos  eos i do n't want nothing from anyone ,  ai n't that much to take eos would n't know the difference between a real blonde and a fake eos feel like a prisoner in a world of mystery eos i wish someone would come eos and push back the clock for me eos  eos well my heart 's in the highlands wherever i roam eos that 's where i 'll be when i get called home eos the wind ,  it whispers to the buckeyed trees in rhyme eos well my heart 's in the highland eos i can only get there one step at a time eos  eos i 'm listening to neil young ,  i gotta turn up the sound eos someone 's always yelling turn it down eos feel like i 'm drifting eos drifting from scene to scene eos i 'm wondering what in the devil could it all possibly mean ?  eos  eos insanity is smashing up against my soul eos you can say i was on anything but a roll eos if i had a conscience ,  well ,  i just might blow my top eos what would i do with it anyway eos maybe take it to the pawn shop eos  eos my heart 's in the highlands at the break of dawn eos by the beautiful lake of the black swan eos big white clouds like chariots that swing down low eos well my heart 's in the highlands eos only place left to go eos  eos i 'm in boston town ,  in some restaurant eos i got no idea what i want eos well ,  maybe i do but i 'm just really not sure eos waitress comes over eos nobody in the place but me and her eos  eos it must be a holiday ,  there 's nobody around eos she studies me closely as i sit down eos she got a pretty face and long white shiny legs eos she says ,   ' what 'll it be ?  '  eos i say ,   ' i do n't know ,  you got any soft boiled eggs ?  '  eos  eos she looks at me ,  says ,   ' i 'd bring you some eos but we 're out of  ' m ,  you picked the wrong time to come '  eos then she says ,   ' i know you 're an artist ,  draw a picture of me !  '  eos i say ,   ' i would if i could ,  but eos i do n't do sketches from memory '  eos  eos  ' well ,  '  she says ,   ' i 'm right here in front of you ,  or have n't you looked ?  '  eos i say ,   ' all right ,  i know ,  but i do n't have my drawing book !  '  eos she gives me a napkin ,  she says ,   ' you can do it on that '  eos i say ,   ' yes i could ,  but eos i do n't know where my pencil is at !  '  eos  eos she pulls one out from behind her ear eos she says ,   ' all right now ,  go ahead ,  draw me ,  i 'm standing right here '  eos i make a few lines and i show it for her to see eos well she takes the napkin and throws it back eos and says ,   ' that do n't look a thing like me !  '  eos  eos i said ,   ' oh ,  kind miss ,  it most certainly does '  eos she says ,   ' you must be jokin '  .  '  i say ,   ' i wish i was !  '  eos then she says ,   ' you do n't read women authors ,  do you ?  '  eos least that 's what i think i hear her say eos  ' well ,  '  i say ,   ' how would you know and what would it matter anyway ?  '  eos  eos  ' well ,  '  she says ,   ' you just do n't seem like you do !  '  eos i said ,   ' you 're way wrong '  eos she says ,   ' which ones have you read then ?  '  i say ,   ' i read erica jong !  '  eos she goes away for a minute eos and i slide up out of my chair eos i step outside back to the busy street but nobody 's going anywhere eos  eos well my heart 's in the highlands with the horses and hounds eos way up in the border country ,  far from the towns eos with the twang of the arrow and a snap of the bow eos my heart 's in the highlands eos ca n't see any other way to go eos  eos every day is the same thing out the door eos feel further away then ever before eos some things in life ,  it gets too late to learn eos well ,  i 'm lost somewhere eos i must have made a few bad turns eos  eos i see people in the park forgetting their troubles and woes eos they 're drinking and dancing ,  wearing bright - colored clothes eos all the young men with their young women looking so good eos well ,  i 'd trade places with any of them eos in a minute ,  if i could eos  eos i 'm crossing the street to get away from a mangy dog eos talking to myself in a monologue eos i think what i need might be a full - length leather coat eos somebody just asked me eos if i registered to vote eos  eos the sun is beginning to shine on me eos but it 's not like the sun that used to be eos the party 's over and there 's less and less to say eos i got new eyes eos everything looks far away eos  eos well ,  my heart 's in the highlands at the break of day eos over the hills and far away eos there 's a way to get there and i 'll figure it out somehow eos but i 'm already there in my mind eos and that 's good enough for nowai n't it hard to stumble eos and land in some funny lagoon ?  eos ai n't it hard to stumble eos and land in some muddy lagoon ?  eos especially when it 's nine below zero eos and three o ' clock in the afternoon .  eos  eos ai n't gonna hang no picture eos ai n't gonna hang no picture frame eos ai n't gonna hang no picture eos ai n't gonna hang no picture frame eos well ,  i might look like robert ford eos but i feel just like a jesse james eos  eos well ,  i wish i was on some eos australian mountain range eos oh ,  i wish i was on some eos australian mountain range eos i got no reason to be there ,  but i eos imagine it would be some kind of change eos  eos i got my dark sunglasses eos i got for good luck my black tooth eos i got my dark sunglasses eos i 'm carryin '  for good luck my black tooth eos do n't ask me nothin '  about nothin '  eos i just might tell you the truth eos  eos i got a woman in jackson eos i ai n't gonna say her name eos i got a woman in jackson eos i ai n't gonna say her name eos she 's a brown - skin woman ,  but i eos love her just the samei ca n't understand eos she let go of my hand eos an '  left me here facing the wall eos i 'd sure like t '  know eos why she did go eos but i ca n't get close t '  her at all eos though we kissed through the wild blazing nighttime eos she said she would never forget eos but now mornin 's clear eos it 's like i ai n't here eos she just acts like we never have met eos  eos it 's all new t '  me eos like some mystery eos it could even be like a myth eos yet it 's hard t '  think on eos that she 's the same one eos that last night i was with eos from darkness ,  dreams 're deserted eos am i still dreamin '  yet ?  eos i wish she 'd unlock eos her voice once an '  talk eos  ' stead of acting like we never have met eos  eos if she ai n't feelin '  well eos then why do n't she tell eos  ' stead of turnin '  her back t '  my face ?  eos without any doubt eos she seems too far out eos for me t '  return t '  her chase eos though the night ran swirling an '  whirling eos i remember her whispering yet eos but evidently she do n't eos an '  evidently she wo n't eos she just acts like we never have met eos  eos if i did n't have t '  guess eos i 'd gladly confess eos t '  anything i might 've tried eos if i was with  ' er too long eos or have done something wrong eos i wish she 'd tell me what it is ,  i 'll run an '  hide eos though her skirt it swayed as a guitar played eos her mouth was watery and wet eos but now something has changed eos for she ai n't the same eos she just acts like we never have met eos  eos i 'm leavin '  today eos i 'll be on my way eos of this i ca n't say very much eos but if you want me to eos i can be just like you eos an '  pretend that we never have touched eos an '  if anybody asks me eos  ' is it easy to forget ?  '  eos i 'll say ,   ' it 's easily done eos you just pick anyone eos an '  pretend that you never have met !  ' you must leave now ,  take what you need ,  you think will last eos but whatever you wish to keep ,  you better grab it fast eos yonder stands your orphan with his gun eos crying like a fire in the sun eos look out the saints are comin '  through eos and it 's all over now ,  baby blue eos  eos the highway is for gamblers ,  better use your sense eos take what you have gathered from coincidence eos the empty - handed painter from your streets eos is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets eos this sky ,  too ,  is folding under you eos and it 's all over now ,  baby blue eos  eos all your seasick sailors ,  they are rowing home eos all your reindeer armies ,  are all going home eos the lover who just walked out your door eos has taken all his blankets from the floor eos the carpet ,  too ,  is moving under you eos and it 's all over now ,  baby blue eos  eos leave your stepping stones behind ,  something calls for you eos forget the dead you 've left ,  they will not follow you eos the vagabond who 's rapping at your door eos is standing in the clothes that you once wore eos strike another match ,  go start anew eos and it 's all over now ,  baby blue ' there must be some way out of here ,  '  said the joker to the thief eos  ' there 's too much confusion ,  i ca n't get no relief eos businessmen ,  they drink my wine ,  plowmen dig my earth eos none of them along the line know what any of it is worth '  eos  eos  ' no reason to get excited ,  '  the thief ,  he kindly spoke eos  ' there are many here among us who feel that life is but a joke eos but you and i ,  we 've been through that ,  and this is not our fate eos so let us not talk falsely now ,  the hour is getting late '  eos  eos all along the watchtower ,  princes kept the view eos while all the women came and went ,  barefoot servants ,  too eos  eos outside in the distance a wildcat did growl eos two riders were approaching ,  the wind began to howlare you ready ,  are you ready ?  eos are you ready ,  are you ready ?  eos  eos are you ready to meet jesus ?  eos are you where you ought to be ?  eos will he know you when he sees you eos or will he say ,   ' depart from me '  ?  eos  eos are you ready ,  hope you 're ready eos am i ready ,  am i ready ?  eos am i ready ,  am i ready ?  eos  eos am i ready to lay down my life for the brethren eos and to take up my cross ?  eos have i surrendered to the will of god eos or am i still acting like the boss ?  eos  eos am i ready ,  hope i 'm ready eos  eos when destruction cometh swiftly eos and there 's no time to say a fare - thee - well eos have you decided whether you want to be eos in heaven or in hell ?  eos  eos are you ready ,  are you ready ?  eos  eos have you got some unfinished business ?  eos is there something holding you back ?  eos are you thinking for yourself eos or are you following the pack ?  eos  eos are you ready ,  hope you 're ready eos are you ready ?  eos  eos are you ready for the judgment ?  eos are you ready for that terrible swift sword ?  eos are you ready for armageddon ?  eos are you ready for the day of the lord ?  eos  eos are you ready ,  i hope you 're readyi pulled out for san anton '  eos i never felt so good eos my woman said she 'd meet me there eos and of course ,  i knew she would eos the coachman ,  he hit me for my hook eos and he asked me my name eos i give it to him right away eos then i hung my head in shame eos lo and behold !  lo and behold !  eos lookin '  for my lo and behold eos get me outa here ,  my dear man !  eos  eos i come into pittsburgh eos at six - thirty flat eos i found myself a vacant seat eos an '  i put down my hat eos  ' what 's the matter ,  molly ,  dear eos what 's the matter with your mound ?  '  eos  ' what 's it to ya ,  moby dick ?  eos this is chicken town !  '  eos lo and behold !  lo and behold !  eos lookin '  for my lo and behold eos get me outa here ,  my dear man !  eos  eos i bought my girl eos a herd of moose eos one she could call her own eos well ,  she came out the very next day eos to see where they had flown eos i 'm goin '  down to tennessee eos get me a truck  ' r somethin '  eos gonna save my money and rip it up !  eos lo and behold !  lo and behold !  eos lookin '  for my lo and behold eos get me outa here ,  my dear man !  eos  eos now ,  i come in on a ferris wheel eos an '  boys ,  i sure was slick eos i come in like a ton of bricks eos laid a few tricks on  ' em eos goin '  back to pittsburgh eos count up to thirty eos round that horn and ride that herd eos gonna thread up !  eos lo and behold !  lo and behold !  eos lookin '  for my lo and behold eos get me outa here ,  my dear man ! uttering idle words from a reprobate mind eos clinging to strange promises ,  dying on the vine eos never bein '  able to separate the good from the bad eos ooh ,  i ca n't stand it ,  i ca n't stand it eos it 's makin '  me feel so sad eos  eos dead man ,  dead man eos when will you arise ?  eos cobwebs in your mind eos dust upon your eyes eos  eos satan got you by the heel ,  there 's a bird 's nest in your hair eos do you have any faith at all ?  do you have any love to share ?  eos the way that you hold your head ,  cursin '  god with every move eos ooh ,  i ca n't stand it ,  i ca n't stand it eos what are you tryin '  to prove ?  eos  eos dead man ,  dead man eos when will you arise ?  eos cobwebs in your mind eos dust upon your eyes eos  eos the glamour and the bright lights and the politics of sin eos the ghetto that you build for me is the one you end up in eos the race of the engine that overrules your heart eos ooh ,  i ca n't stand it ,  i ca n't stand it eos pretending that you 're so smart eos  eos dead man ,  dead man eos when will you arise ?  eos cobwebs in your mind eos dust upon your eyes eos  eos what are you tryin '  to overpower me with ,  the doctrine or the gun ?  eos my back is already to the wall ,  where can i run ?  eos the tuxedo that you 're wearin '  ,  the flower in your lapel eos ooh ,  i ca n't stand it ,  i ca n't stand it eos you wanna take me down to hell eos  eos dead man ,  dead man eos when will you arise ?  eos cobwebs in your mind eos dust upon your eyes ' oh ,  help me in my weakness '  eos i heard the drifter say eos as they carried him from the courtroom eos and were taking him away eos  ' my trip has n't been a pleasant one eos and my time it is n't long eos and i still do not know eos what it was that i 've done wrong '  eos  eos well ,  the judge ,  he cast his robe aside eos a tear came to his eye eos  ' you fail to understand ,  '  he said eos  ' why must you even try ?  '  eos outside ,  the crowd was stirring eos you could hear it from the door eos inside ,  the judge was stepping down eos while the jury cried for more eos  eos  ' oh ,  stop that cursed jury '  eos cried the attendant and the nurse eos  ' the trial was bad enough eos but this is ten times worse '  eos just then a bolt of lightning eos struck the courthouse out of shape eos and while ev ' rybody knelt to pray eos the drifter did escapesomething there is about you that strikes a match in me eos is it the way your body moves or is it the way your hair blows free ?  eos or is it because you remind me of something that used to be eos somethin '  that crossed over from another century ?  eos  eos thought i 'd shaken the wonder and the phantoms of my youth eos rainy days on the great lakes ,  walkin '  the hills of old duluth eos there was me and danny lopez ,  cold eyes ,  black night and then there was ruth eos something there is about you that brings back a long - forgotten truth eos  eos suddenly i found you and the spirit in me sings eos do n't have to look no further ,  you 're the soul of many things eos i could say that i 'd be faithful ,  i could say it in one sweet ,  easy breath eos but to you that would be cruelty and to me it surely would be death eos  eos something there is about you that moves with style and grace eos i was in a whirlwind ,  now i 'm in some better place eos my hand 's on the sabre and you 've picked up the baton eos somethin '  there is about you that i ca n't quite put my finger oni have heard rumors all over town eos they say that you 're planning to put me down eos all i would like you to do eos is tell me that it is n't true eos  eos they say that you 've been seen with some other man eos that he 's tall ,  dark and handsome ,  and you 're holding his hand eos darlin '  ,  i 'm a - countin '  on you eos tell me that it is n't true eos  eos to know that some other man is holdin '  you tight eos it hurts me all over ,  it does n't seem right eos  eos all of those awful things that i have heard eos i do n't want to believe them ,  all i want is your word eos so darlin '  ,  you better come through eos tell me that it is n't true eos  eos all of those awful things that i have heard eos i do n't want to believe them ,  all i want is your word eos so darlin '  ,  i 'm countin '  on you eos tell me that it is n't trueif you find it in your heart ,  can i be forgiven ?  eos guess i owe you some kind of apology eos i 've escaped death so many times ,  i know i 'm only living eos by the saving grace that 's over me eos  eos by this time i ' d - a thought i would be sleeping eos in a pine box for all eternity eos my faith keeps me alive ,  but i still be weeping eos for the saving grace that 's over me eos  eos well ,  the death of life ,  then come the resurrection eos wherever i am welcome is where i 'll be eos i put all my confidence in him ,  my sole protection eos is the saving grace that 's over me eos  eos well ,  the devil 's shining light ,  it can be most blinding eos but to search for love ,  that ai n't no more than vanity eos as i look around this world all that i 'm finding eos is the saving grace that 's over me eos  eos the wicked know no peace and you just ca n't fake it eos there 's only one road and it leads to calvary eos it gets discouraging at times ,  but i know i 'll make it eos by the saving grace that 's over mewell ,  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos i 'm walkin '  down the line eos an '  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos my feet 'll be a - flyin '  eos to tell about my troubled mind eos  eos i got a heavy - headed gal eos i got a heavy - headed gal eos i got a heavy - headed gal eos she ai n't a - feelin '  well eos when she 's better only time will tell eos  eos well ,  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos i 'm walkin '  down the line eos an '  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos my feet 'll be a - flyin '  eos to tell about my troubled mind eos  eos my money comes and goes eos my money comes and goes eos my money comes and goes eos and rolls and flows and rolls and flows eos through the holes in the pockets in my clothes eos  eos well ,  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos i 'm walkin '  down the line eos an '  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos my feet 'll be a - flyin '  eos to tell about my troubled mind eos  eos i see the morning light eos i see the morning light eos well ,  it 's not because eos i 'm an early riser eos i did n't go to sleep last night eos  eos well ,  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos i 'm walkin '  down the line eos an '  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos my feet 'll be a - flyin '  eos to tell about my troubled mind eos  eos i got my walkin '  shoes eos i got my walkin '  shoes eos i got my walkin '  shoes eos an '  i ai n't a - gonna lose eos i believe i got the walkin '  blues eos  eos well ,  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos i 'm walkin '  down the line eos an '  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos my feet 'll be a - flyin '  eos to tell about my troubled mindwell ,  i had to move fast eos and i could n't with you around my neck eos i said i 'd send for you and i did eos what did you expect ?  eos my hands are sweating eos and we have n't even started yet eos i 'll go along with the charade eos until i can think my way out eos i know it was all a big joke eos whatever it was about eos someday maybe eos i 'll remember to forget eos  eos i 'm gonna get my coat eos i feel the breath of a storm eos there 's something i 've got to do tonight eos you go inside and stay warm eos  eos has anybody seen my love eos has anybody seen my love eos has anybody seen my love eos i do n't know eos has anybody seen my love ?  eos  eos you want to talk to me eos go ahead and talk eos whatever you got to say to me eos wo n't come as any shock eos i must be guilty of something eos you just whisper it into my ear eos madame butterfly eos she lulled me to sleep eos in a town without pity eos where the water runs deep eos she said ,   ' be easy ,  baby eos there ai n't nothin '  worth stealin '  in here '  eos  eos you 're the one i 've been looking for eos you 're the one that 's got the key eos but i ca n't figure out whether i 'm too good for you eos or you 're too good for me eos  eos has anybody seen my love eos has anybody seen my love eos has anybody seen my love eos i do n't know eos has anybody seen my love ?  eos  eos well ,  they 're not showing any lights tonight eos and there 's no moon eos there 's just a hot - blooded singer eos singing  ' memphis in june '  eos while they 're beatin '  the devil out of a guy eos who 's wearing a powder - blue wig eos later he 'll be shot eos for resisting arrest eos i can still hear his voice crying eos in the wilderness eos what looks large from a distance eos close up ai n't never that big eos  eos never could learn to drink that blood eos and call it wine eos never could learn to hold you ,  love eos and call you minewe carried you in our arms eos on independence day eos and now you 'd throw us all aside eos and put us on our way eos oh what dear daughter  ' neath the sun eos would treat a father so eos to wait upon him hand and foot eos and always tell him ,   ' no ?  '  eos tears of rage ,  tears of grief eos why must i always be the thief ?  eos come to me now ,  you know eos we 're so alone eos and life is brief eos  eos we pointed out the way to go eos and scratched your name in sand eos though you just thought it was nothing more eos than a place for you to stand eos now ,  i want you to know that while we watched eos you discover there was no one true eos most ev ' rybody really thought eos it was a childish thing to do eos tears of rage ,  tears of grief eos must i always be the thief ?  eos come to me now ,  you know eos we 're so low eos and life is brief eos  eos it was all very painless eos when you went out to receive eos all that false instruction eos which we never could believe eos and now the heart is filled with gold eos as if it was a purse eos but ,  oh ,  what kind of love is this eos which goes from bad to worse ?  eos tears of rage ,  tears of grief eos must i always be the thief ?  eos come to me now ,  you know eos we 're so low eos and life is brieftalk about me babe ,  if you must eos throw on the dirt ,  pile on the dust eos i 'd do the same thing if i could eos you know what they say ,  they say it 's all good eos all good eos it 's all good  eos  eos big politician telling lies eos restaurant kitchen ,  all full of flies eos do n't make a bit of difference ,  do n't see why it should eos but it 's all right ,   ' cause it 's all good eos it 's all good eos it 's all good eos  eos wives are leavin '  their husbands ,  they beginning to roam eos they leave the party and they never get home eos i would n't change it ,  even if i could eos you know what they say man ,  it 's all good eos it 's all good  eos all good eos  eos brick by brick ,  they tear you down eos a teacup of water is enough to drown eos you ought to know ,  if they could they would eos whatever going down ,  it 's all good eos all good eos say it 's all good eos  eos people in the country ,  people on the land eos some of them so sick ,  they can hardly stand eos everybody would move away ,  if they could eos it 's hard to believe but it 's all good eos yeah eos  eos the widow 's cry ,  the orphan 's plea eos everywhere you look ,  more misery eos come along with me ,  babe ,  i wish you would eos you know what i 'm sayin '  ,  it 's all good eos all good eos i said it 's all good eos all good eos  eos cold - blooded killer ,  stalking the town eos cop cars blinking ,  something bad going down eos buildings are crumbling in the neighborhood eos but there 's nothing to worry about ,   ' cause it 's all good eos it 's all good eos they say it 's all good eos  eos i 'll pluck off your beard and blow it in your face eos this time tomorrow i 'll be rolling in your place eos i would n't change a thing even if i could eos you know what they say ,  they say it 's all good eos it 's all goodfeeling funny in my mind ,  lord ,   eos i believe i 'm fixing to die ,  fixing to die eos feeling funny in my mind ,  lord  eos i believe i 'm fixing to die eos well ,  i do n't mind dying  eos but i hate to leave my children crying eos well ,  i look over yonder to that burying ground eos look over yonder to that burying ground eos sure seems lonesome ,  lord ,  when the sun goes down eos  eos feeling funny in my eyes ,  lord ,   eos i believe i 'm fixing to die ,  fixing to die eos feeling funny in my eyes ,  lord  eos i believe i 'm fixing to die eos well ,  i do n't mind dying but  eos i hate to leave my children crying eos there 's a black smoke rising ,  lord  eos it 's rising up above my head ,  up above my head eos it 's rising up above my head ,  up above my head eos and tell jesus make up my dying bed .  eos  eos i 'm walking kind of funny ,  lord  eos i believe i 'm fixing to die ,  fixing to die eos yes i 'm walking kind of funny ,  lord  eos i believe i 'm fixing to die eos fixing to die ,  fixing to die eos well ,  i do n't mind dying  eos but i hate to leave my children crying . there 's nothing  ' round here i believe in eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos and there 's nothing to me that 's sacred eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos  eos you 're the one that reaches me eos you 're the one that i admire eos every time we meet together eos my soul feels like it 's on fire eos nothing matters to me eos and there 's nothing i desire eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos  eos nothing  ' round here i care to try for eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos got nothing left to live or die for eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos  eos there 's a hymn i used to hear eos in the churches all the time eos make me feel so good inside eos so peaceful ,  so sublime eos and there 's nothing to remind me of that eos old familiar chime eos  ' cept you ,  uh huh you eos  eos used to play in the cemetery eos dance and sing and run when i was a child eos never seemed strange eos but now i just pass mournfully by eos that place where the bones of life are piled eos i know somethin '  has changed eos i 'm a stranger here and no one sees me eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos  eos nothing much matters or seems to please me eos  ' cept you ,  yeah you eos nothing hypnotizes me eos or holds me in a spell eos everything runs by me eos just like water from a well eos everybody wants my attention eos everybody 's got something to sell eos  ' cept you ,  yeah youwell ,  i 'm stranded in the city that never sleeps eos some of these women they just give me the creeps eos i 'm avoidin '  the southside the best i can eos these memories i got ,  they can strangle a man eos  eos well i came ashore in the dead of the night eos lot of things can get in the way when you 're tryin '  to do what 's right eos you do n't understand it—my feelings for you eos you 'd be honest with me if only you knew eos  eos i 'm not sorry for nothin '  i 've done eos i 'm glad i fought—i only wish we 'd won eos the siamese twins are comin '  to town eos people ca n't wait—they 're gathered around eos  eos when i left my home the sky split open wide eos i never wanted to go back there—i 'd rather have died eos you do n't understand it—my feelings for you eos you 'd be honest with me if only you knew eos  eos my woman got a face like a teddy bear eos she 's tossin '  a baseball bat in the air eos the meat is so tough you ca n't cut it with a sword eos i 'm crashin '  my car ,  trunk first into the boards eos  eos you say my eyes are pretty and my smile is nice eos well ,  i 'll sell it to ya at a reduced price eos you do n't understand it—my feelings for you eos you 'd be honest with me ,  if only you knew eos  eos some things are too terrible to be true eos i wo n't come here no more if it bothers you eos the southern pacific leaving me at nine forty - five eos i 'm having a hard time believin '  some people were ever alive eos  eos i 'm stark naked ,  but i do n't care eos i 'm going off into the woods ,  i 'm huntin '  bare eos you do n't understand it—my feelings for you eos well ,  you 'd be honest with me if only you knew eos  eos i 'm here to create the new imperial empire eos i 'm going to do whatever circumstances require eos i care so much for you—did n't think that i could eos i ca n't tell my heart that you 're no good eos  eos well ,  my parents they warned me not to waste my years eos and i still got their advice oozing out of my ears eos you do n't understand it—my feelings for you eos well ,  you 'd be honest with me if only you knewi plan it all and i take my place eos you break your promise all over the place eos you promised to love me ,  but what do i see eos just you comin '  and spillin '  juice over me eos odds and ends ,  odds and ends eos lost time is not found again eos  eos now ,  you take your file and you bend my head eos i never can remember anything that you said eos you promised to love me ,  but what do i know eos you 're always spillin '  juice on me like you got someplace to go eos odds and ends ,  odds and ends eos lost time is not found again eos  eos now ,  i 've had enough ,  my box is clean eos you know what i 'm sayin '  and you know what i mean eos from now on you 'd best get on someone else eos while you 're doin '  it ,  keep that juice to yourself eos odds and ends ,  odds and ends eos lost time is not found againthe guilty undertaker sighs eos the lonesome organ grinder cries eos the silver saxophones say i should refuse you eos the cracked bells and washed - out horns eos blow into my face with scorn eos but it 's not that way eos i was n't born to lose you eos  eos i want you ,  i want you eos i want you so bad eos honey ,  i want you eos  eos the drunken politician leaps eos upon the street where mothers weep eos and the saviors who are fast asleep ,  they wait for you eos and i wait for them to interrupt eos me drinkin '  from my broken cup eos and ask me to eos open up the gate for you eos  eos i want you ,  i want you eos i want you so bad eos honey ,  i want you eos  eos how all my fathers ,  they 've gone down eos true love they 've been without it eos but all their daughters put me down eos  ' cause i do n't think about it eos  eos well ,  i return to the queen of spades eos and talk with my chambermaid eos she knows that i 'm not afraid to look at her eos she is good to me eos and there 's nothing she does n't see eos she knows where i 'd like to be eos but it does n't matter eos  eos i want you ,  i want you eos i want you so bad eos honey ,  i want you eos  eos now your dancing child with his chinese suit eos he spoke to me ,  i took his flute eos no ,  i was n't very cute to him ,  was i ?  eos but i did it ,  though ,  because he lied eos because he took you for a ride eos and because time was on his side eos and because i  .   .   .  eos  eos i want you ,  i want you eos i want you so bad eos honey ,  i want youoxford town ,  oxford town eos ev ' rybody 's got their heads bowed down eos the sun do n't shine above the ground eos ai n't a - goin '  down to oxford town eos  eos he went down to oxford town eos guns and clubs followed him down eos all because his face was brown eos better get away from oxford town eos  eos oxford town around the bend eos he come in to the door ,  he could n't get in eos all because of the color of his skin eos what do you think about that ,  my frien '  ?  eos  eos me and my gal ,  my gal 's son eos we got met with a tear gas bomb eos i do n't even know why we come eos goin '  back where we come from eos  eos oxford town in the afternoon eos ev ' rybody singin '  a sorrowful tune eos two men died  ' neath the mississippi moon eos somebody better investigate soon eos  eos oxford town ,  oxford town eos ev ' rybody 's got their heads bowed down eos the sun do n't shine above the ground eos ai n't a - goin '  down to oxford townif you see her ,  say hello ,  she might be in tangier eos she left here last early spring ,  is livin '  there ,  i hear eos say for me that i 'm all right though things get kind of slow eos she might think that i 've forgotten her ,  do n't tell her it is n't so eos  eos we had a falling - out ,  like lovers often will eos and to think of how she left that night ,  it still brings me a chill eos and though our separation ,  it pierced me to the heart eos she still lives inside of me ,  we 've never been apart eos  eos if you get close to her ,  kiss her once for me eos i always have respected her for busting out and gettin '  free eos oh ,  whatever makes her happy ,  i wo n't stand in the way eos though the bitter taste still lingers on from the night i tried to make her stay eos  eos i see a lot of people as i make the rounds eos and i hear her name here and there as i go from town to town eos and i 've never gotten used to it ,  i 've just learned to turn it off eos either i 'm too sensitive or else i 'm gettin '  soft eos  eos sundown ,  yellow moon ,  i replay the past eos i know every scene by heart ,  they all went by so fast eos if she 's passin '  back this way ,  i 'm not that hard to find eos tell her she can look me up if she 's got the timedown over the window eos comes the dazzling sunlit rays eos through the back alleys—through the blinds eos another one of them endless days eos  eos honey bees are buzzin '  eos leaves begin to stir eos i 'm in love with my second cousin eos i tell myself i could be happy forever with her eos  eos i keep listenin '  for footsteps eos but i ai n't hearing any eos from the boat i fish for bullheads eos i catch a lot ,  sometimes too many eos  eos a summer breeze is blowing eos a squall is settin '  in eos sometimes it 's just plain stupid eos to get into any kind of wind eos  eos the old men  ' round here ,  sometimes they get eos on bad terms with the younger men eos but old ,  young ,  age do n't carry weight eos it does n't matter in the end eos  eos one of the boss '  hangers - on eos comes to call at times you least expect eos try to bully ya—strong - arm you—inspire you with fear eos it has the opposite effect eos  eos there 's a new grove of trees on the outskirts of town eos the old one is long gone eos timber two - foot - six across eos burns with the bark still on eos  eos they say times are hard ,  if you do n't believe it eos you can just follow your nose eos it do n't bother me—times are hard everywhere eos we 'll just have to see how it goes eos  eos my old man ,  he 's like some feudal lord eos got more lives than a cat eos never seen him quarrel with my mother even once eos things come alive or they fall flat eos  eos you can smell the pinewood burnin '  eos you can hear the school bell ring eos gotta get up near the teacher if you can eos if you wanna learn anything eos  eos romeo ,  he said to juliet ,   ' you got a poor complexion eos it does n't give your appearance a very youthful touch !  '  eos juliet said back to romeo ,   ' why do n't you just shove off eos if it bothers you so much '  eos  eos they all got out of here any way they could eos the cold rain can give you the shivers eos they went down the ohio ,  the cumberland ,  the tennessee eos all the rest of them rebel rivers eos  eos if you ever try to interfere with me or cross my path again eos you do so at the peril of your own life eos i 'm not quite as cool or forgiving as i sound eos i 've seen enough heartaches and strife eos  eos my grandfather was a duck trapper eos he could do it with just dragnets and ropes eos my grandmother could sew new dresses out of old cloth eos i do n't know if they had any dreams or hopes eos  eos i had  ' em once though ,  i suppose ,  to go along eos with all the ring - dancin '  christmas carols on all of the christmas eves eos i left all my dreams and hopes eos buried under tobacco leaves eos  eos it 's not always easy kicking someone out eos gotta wait a while—it can be an unpleasant task eos sometimes somebody wants you to give something up eos and tears or not ,  it 's too much to askthey 're selling postcards of the hanging eos they 're painting the passports brown eos the beauty parlor is filled with sailors eos the circus is in town eos here comes the blind commissioner eos they 've got him in a trance eos one hand is tied to the tight - rope walker eos the other is in his pants eos and the riot squad they 're restless eos they need somewhere to go eos as lady and i look out tonight eos from desolation row eos  eos cinderella ,  she seems so easy eos  ' it takes one to know one ,  '  she smiles eos and puts her hands in her back pockets eos bette davis style eos and in comes romeo ,  he 's moaning eos  ' you belong to me i believe '  eos and someone says ,   ' you 're in the wrong place my friend eos you better leave '  eos and the only sound that 's left eos after the ambulances go eos is cinderella sweeping up eos on desolation row eos  eos now the moon is almost hidden eos the stars are beginning to hide eos the fortune - telling lady eos has even taken all her things inside eos all except for cain and abel eos and the hunchback of notre dame eos everybody is making love eos or else expecting rain eos and the good samaritan ,  he 's dressing eos he 's getting ready for the show eos he 's going to the carnival tonight eos on desolation row eos  eos now ophelia ,  she 's  ' neath the window eos for her i feel so afraid eos on her twenty - second birthday eos she already is an old maid eos to her ,  death is quite romantic eos she wears an iron vest eos her profession 's her religion eos her sin is her lifelessness eos and though her eyes are fixed upon eos noah 's great rainbow eos she spends her time peeking eos into desolation row eos  eos einstein ,  disguised as robin hood eos with his memories in a trunk eos passed this way an hour ago eos with his friend ,  a jealous monk eos he looked so immaculately frightful eos as he bummed a cigarette eos then he went off sniffing drainpipes eos and reciting the alphabet eos now you would not think to look at him eos but he was famous long ago eos for playing the electric violin eos on desolation row eos  eos dr .  filth ,  he keeps his world eos inside of a leather cup eos but all his sexless patients eos they 're trying to blow it up eos now his nurse ,  some local loser eos she 's in charge of the cyanide hole eos and she also keeps the cards that read eos  ' have mercy on his soul '  eos they all play on pennywhistles eos you can hear them blow eos if you lean your head out far enough eos from desolation row eos  eos across the street they 've nailed the curtains eos they 're getting ready for the feast eos the phantom of the opera eos a perfect image of a priest eos they 're spoonfeeding casanova eos to get him to feel more assured eos then they 'll kill him with self - confidence eos after poisoning him with words eos and the phantom 's shouting to skinny girls eos  ' get outa here if you do n't know eos casanova is just being punished for going eos to desolation row '  eos  eos now at midnight all the agents eos and the superhuman crew eos come out and round up everyone eos that knows more than they do eos then they bring them to the factory eos where the heart - attack machine eos is strapped across their shoulders eos and then the kerosene eos is brought down from the castles eos by insurance men who go eos check to see that nobody is escaping eos to desolation row eos  eos praise be to nero 's neptune eos the titanic sails at dawn eos and everybody 's shouting eos  ' which side are you on ?  '  eos and ezra pound and t .  s .  eliot eos fighting in the captain 's tower eos while calypso singers laugh at them eos and fishermen hold flowers eos between the windows of the sea eos where lovely mermaids flow eos and nobody has to think too much eos about desolation row eos  eos yes ,  i received your letter yesterday eos  ( about the time the doorknob broke )  eos when you asked how i was doing eos was that some kind of joke ?  eos all these people that you mention eos yes ,  i know them ,  they 're quite lame eos i had to rearrange their faces eos and give them all another name eos right now i ca n't read too good eos do n't send me no more letters ,  no eos not unless you mail them eos from desolation rowai n't no more cane on the brazos eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  oh .  .  .  eos its all been ground down to molasses eos oh ,  oh -  oh ,  oh -  oh .  .  .  eos  eos you shoulda been on the river in 1910 eos they were driving the women just like they drove the men .  eos  eos go down old hannah ,  don ' cha rise no more eos do n't you rise up til judgment day 's for sure eos  eos ai n't no more cane on the brazos eos its all been ground down to molasses eos  eos captain ,  do n't you do me like you done poor old shine eos well ya drove that bully til he went stone blind eos  eos wake up on a lifetime ,  hold up your own head eos well you may get a pardon and then you might drop dead eos  eos ai n't no more cane on the brazos eos its all been ground down to molasses . ramona eos come closer eos shut softly your watery eyes eos the pangs of your sadness eos shall pass as your senses will rise eos the flowers of the city eos though breathlike eos get deathlike at times eos and there 's no use in tryin '  eos t '  deal with the dyin '  eos though i cannot explain that in lines eos  eos your cracked country lips eos i still wish to kiss eos as to be under the strength of your skin eos your magnetic movements eos still capture the minutes i 'm in eos but it grieves my heart ,  love eos to see you tryin '  to be a part of eos a world that just do n't exist eos it 's all just a dream ,  babe eos a vacuum ,  a scheme ,  babe eos that sucks you into feelin '  like this eos  eos i can see that your head eos has been twisted and fed eos by worthless foam from the mouth eos i can tell you are torn eos between stayin '  and returnin '  eos on back to the south eos you 've been fooled into thinking eos that the finishin '  end is at hand eos yet there 's no one to beat you eos no one t '  defeat you eos  ' cept the thoughts of yourself feeling bad eos  eos i 've heard you say many times eos that you 're better  ' n no one eos and no one is better  ' n you eos if you really believe that eos you know you got eos nothing to win and nothing to lose eos from fixtures and forces and friends eos your sorrow does stem eos that hype you and type you eos making you feel eos that you must be exactly like them eos  eos i 'd forever talk to you eos but soon my words eos they would turn into a meaningless ring eos for deep in my heart eos i know there is no help i can bring eos everything passes eos everything changes eos just do what you think you should do eos and someday maybe eos who knows ,  baby eos i 'll come and be cryin '  to youten thousand men on a hill eos ten thousand men on a hill eos some of  'm goin '  down ,  some of  'm gonna get killed eos  eos ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue eos ten thousand men dressed in oxford blue eos drummin '  in the morning ,  in the evening they 'll be coming for you eos  eos ten thousand men on the move eos ten thousand men on the move eos none of them doing nothin '  that your mama would n't disapprove eos  eos ten thousand men digging for silver and gold eos ten thousand men digging for silver and gold eos all clean shaven ,  all coming in from the cold eos  eos hey !  who could your lover be ?  eos hey !  who could your lover be ?  eos let me eat off his head so you can really see !  eos  eos ten thousand women all dressed in white eos ten thousand women all dressed in white eos standin '  at my window wishing me goodnight eos  eos ten thousand men looking so lean and frail eos ten thousand men looking so lean and frail eos each one of  'm got seven wives ,  each one of  'm just out of jail eos  eos ten thousand women all sweepin '  my room eos ten thousand women all sweepin '  my room eos spilling my buttermilk ,  sweeping it up with a broom eos  eos ooh ,  baby ,  thank you for my tea !  eos baby ,  thank you for my tea !  eos it 's so sweet of you to be so nice to metake a silver dollar and put it in your pocket ,  eos never let it slip away .  eos always be a man ,  not a boy gone astray .  eos when ya get half cra - zy from the august heat eos or on a frozen ,  rotted road eos with no one to complain to about your achin '  feet .  eos  eos you 're gonna walk that endless highway ,  eos walk that high - way till you die .  eos all you children goin '  my way ,  eos better tell your home - life sweet goodbye .  eos  eos when i see a detour up ahead ,  eos well ,  i leave it far behind ,  eos who knows what you 're apt to find there .  eos with the cost of livin ,  and the price of dyin '  ,  eos well it look like t ' me this time i wont be buyin '  eos  eos you 're gonna walk that endless highway ,  eos walk that high - way till you die .  eos all you children goin '  my way ,  eos better tell your home - life sweet goodbye .  eos  eos when they get a scapegoat by the throat ,  eos it 's hard labour and cold beans .  eos if ya get away real quick ,  eos you 'll be eatin from the poison peanut machine .  eos well ,  i sing by night ,  wander by day .  eos i 'm on the road and it looks like i 'm here to stay .  eos  eos you 're gonna walk that endless highway ,  eos walk that high - way till you die .  eos all you children goin '  my way ,  eos better tell your home - life sweet goodbye . instrumentalclose your eyes ,  close the door eos you do n't have to worry anymore eos i 'll be your baby tonight eos  eos shut the light ,  shut the shade eos you do n't have to be afraid eos i 'll be your baby tonight eos  eos well ,  that mockingbird 's gonna sail away eos we 're gonna forget it eos that big ,  fat moon is gonna shine like a spoon eos but we 're gonna let it eos you wo n't regret it eos  eos kick your shoes off ,  do not fear eos bring that bottle over here eos i 'll be your baby tonightyou 're gonna quit me ,  baby ,  eos good as i been to you ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos good as i been to you ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos good as i been to you .  eos  eos give you my money ,  honey ,  eos buy you shoes and clothes ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos  eos you 're gonna quit me ,  baby ,  eos put me outta doors ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos  eos six months on the chain gang ,  eos believe me ,  it ai n't no fun ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos  eos day you quit me ,  baby ,  eos that 's the day you die ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos  eos jailhouse ai n't no plaything ,  eos believe me ,  ai n't no lie ,  lawd ,  lawd .  eos  eos day you quit me ,  baby ,  eos that 's the day you die ,  lawd ,  lawd . 1 . 	frog went a - courtin '  ,  and he did ride ,  uh - huh ,  eos frog went a - courtin '  ,  and he did ride ,  uh - huh ,  eos frog went a - courtin '  ,  and he did ride .  eos with a sword and a pistol by his side ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 2 . 	well he rode up to miss mousey 's door ,  uh - huh ,  eos well he rode up to miss mousey 's door ,  uh - huh ,  eos well he rode up to miss mousey 's door .  eos gave three loud raps and a very big roar ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 3 . 	said ,   " miss mouse ,  are you within ?  "  uh - huh ,  eos said he ,   " miss mouse ,  are you within ?  "  uh - huh ,  eos said ,   " miss mouse ,  are you within ?  "  eos  " yes ,  kind sir ,  i sit and spin ,  "  uh - huh .  eos  eos 4 . 	he took miss mousey on his knee ,  uh - huh ,  eos took miss mousey on his knee ,  uh - huh ,  eos took miss mousey on his knee .  eos said ,   " miss mousey ,  will you marry me ?  "  uh - huh .  eos  eos 5 . 	 " without my uncle rat 's consent ,  uh - huh eos  " without my uncle rat 's consent ,  uh - huh eos  " without my uncle rat 's consent .  eos i would n't marry the president ,  uh - huh eos  eos 6 . 	uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides ,  uh - huh ,  eos uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides ,  uh - huh ,  eos uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides ,  .  eos to think his niece would be a bride ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 7 . 	uncle rat went runnin '  downtown ,  uh - huh ,  eos uncle rat went runnin '  downtown ,  uh - huh ,  eos uncle rat went runnin '  downtown .  eos to buy his niece a wedding gown ,  uh - huh eos  eos 8 . 	where shall the wedding supper be ?  uh - huh ,  eos where shall the wedding supper be ?  uh - huh ,  eos where shall the wedding supper be ?  eos way down yonder in a hollow tree ,  uh - huh eos  eos 9 . 	what should the wedding supper be ?  uh - huh ,  eos what should the wedding supper be ?  uh - huh ,  eos what should the wedding supper be ?  eos fried mosquito in a black - eye pea ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 10 . 	well ,  first to come in was a flyin '  moth ,  uh - huh ,  eos first to come in was a flyin '  moth ,  uh - huh ,  eos first to come in was a flyin '  moth .  eos she laid out the table cloth ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 11 . 	next to come in was a juney bug ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a juney bug ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a juney bug .  eos she brought the water jug ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 12 . 	next to come in was a bumbley bee ,  uh - huh eos next to come in was a bumbley bee ,  uh - huh eos next to come in was a bumbley bee .  eos sat mosquito on his knee ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 13 . 	next to come in was a broken black flea ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a broken black flea ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a broken black flea .  eos danced a jig with the bumbley bee ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 14 . 	next to come in was mrs .  cow ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was mrs .  cow ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was mrs .  cow .  eos she tried to dance but she did n't know how ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 15 . 	next to come in was a little black tick ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a little black tick ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a little black tick .  eos she ate so much she made us sick ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 16 . 	next to come in was a big black snake ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a big black snake ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come in was a big black snake .  eos ate up all of the wedding cake ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 17 . 	next to come was the old gray cat ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come was the old gray cat ,  uh - huh ,  eos next to come was the old gray cat .  eos swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 18 . 	mr .  frog went a - hoppin '  up over the brook ,  uh - huh ,  eos mr .  frog went a - hoppin '  up over the brook ,  uh - huh ,  eos mr .  frog went a - hoppin '  up over the brook .  eos a lily - white duck come and swallowed him up ,  uh - huh .  eos  eos 19 . 	a little piece of cornbread layin '  on a shelf ,  uh - huh ,  eos a little piece of cornbread layin '  on a shelf ,  uh - huh ,  eos a little piece of cornbread layin '  on a shelf .  eos if you want anymore ,  you can sing it yourself ,  uh - huh . as i went out one morning eos to breathe the air around tom paine 's eos i spied the fairest damsel eos that ever did walk in chains eos i offer 'd her my hand eos she took me by the arm eos i knew that very instant eos she meant to do me harm eos  eos  ' depart from me this moment '  eos i told her with my voice eos said she ,   ' but i do n't wish to '  eos said i ,   ' but you have no choice '  eos  ' i beg you ,  sir ,  '  she pleaded eos from the corners of her mouth eos  ' i will secretly accept you eos and together we 'll fly south '  eos  eos just then tom paine ,  himself eos came running from across the field eos shouting at this lovely girl eos and commanding her to yield eos and as she was letting go her grip eos up tom paine did run ,  eos  ' i 'm sorry ,  sir ,  '  he said to me eos  ' i 'm sorry for what she 's done ' summer days ,  summer nights are gone eos summer days and the summer nights are gone eos i know a place where there 's still somethin '  going on eos  eos i got a house on a hill ,  i got hogs all out in the mud eos i got a house on a hill ,  i got hogs out lying in the mud eos got a long - haired woman ,  she got royal indian blood eos  eos everybody get ready—lift your glasses and sing eos everybody get ready to lift your glasses and sing eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the table ,  i 'm proposing a toast to the king eos  eos well i 'm drivin '  in the flats in a cadillac car eos the girls all say ,   ' you 're a worn - out star '  eos my pockets are loaded and i 'm spending every dime eos how can you say you love someone else when you know it 's me all the time ?  eos  eos well ,  the fog 's so thick you ca n't spy the land eos the fog is so thick that you ca n't even spy the land eos what good are you anyway ,  if you ca n't stand up to some old businessman ?  eos  eos wedding bells ringin '  ,  the choir is beginning to sing eos yes ,  the wedding bells are ringing and the choir is beginning to sing eos what looks good in the day ,  at night is another thing eos  eos she 's looking into my eyes ,  she 's holding my hand eos she 's looking into my eyes ,  she 's holding my hand eos she says ,   ' you ca n't repeat the past .  '  i say ,   ' you can ' t ?  what do you mean ,  eos you can ' t ?  of course you can .  '  eos  eos where do you come from ?  where do you go ?  eos sorry that 's nothin '  you would need to know eos well ,  my back has been to the wall for so long ,  it seems like it 's stuck eos why do n't you break my heart one more time just for good luck eos  eos i got eight carburetors ,  boys i 'm using  ' em all eos well ,  i got eight carburetors and boys ,  i 'm using  ' em all eos i 'm short on gas ,  my motor 's starting to stall eos  eos my dogs are barking ,  there must be someone around eos my dogs are barking ,  there must be someone around eos i got my hammer ringin '  ,  pretty baby ,  but the nails ai n't goin '  down eos  eos you got something to say ,  speak or hold your peace eos well ,  you got something to say ,  speak now or hold your peace eos if it 's information you want you can go get it from the police eos  eos politician got on his jogging shoes eos he must be running for office ,  got no time to lose eos he been suckin '  the blood out of the genius of generosity eos you been rolling your eyes—you been teasing me eos  eos standing by god 's river ,  my soul is beginnin '  to shake eos standing by god 's river ,  my soul is beginnin '  to shake eos i 'm countin '  on you love ,  to give me a break eos  eos well ,  i 'm leaving in the morning as soon as the dark clouds lift eos yes ,  i 'm leaving in the morning just as soon as the dark clouds lift eos gonna break the roof in—set fire to the place as a parting gift eos  eos summer days ,  summer nights are gone eos summer days ,  summer nights are gone eos i know a place where there 's still somethin '  going ongo  ' way from my window eos leave at your own chosen speed eos i 'm not the one you want ,  babe eos i 'm not the one you need eos you say you 're lookin '  for someone eos never weak but always strong eos to protect you an '  defend you eos whether you are right or wrong eos someone to open each and every door eos but it ai n't me ,  babe eos no ,  no ,  no ,  it ai n't me ,  babe eos it ai n't me you 're lookin '  for ,  babe eos  eos go lightly from the ledge ,  babe eos go lightly on the ground eos i 'm not the one you want ,  babe eos i will only let you down eos you say you 're lookin '  for someone eos who will promise never to part eos someone to close his eyes for you eos someone to close his heart eos someone who will die for you an '  more eos but it ai n't me ,  babe eos no ,  no ,  no ,  it ai n't me ,  babe eos it ai n't me you 're lookin '  for ,  babe eos  eos go melt back into the night ,  babe eos everything inside is made of stone eos there 's nothing in here moving eos an '  anyway i 'm not alone eos you say you 're lookin '  for someone eos who 'll pick you up each time you fall eos to gather flowers constantly eos an '  to come each time you call eos a lover for your life an '  nothing more eos but it ai n't me ,  babe eos no ,  no ,  no ,  it ai n't me ,  babe eos it ai n't me you 're lookin '  for ,  babebuckets of rain eos buckets of tears eos got all them buckets comin '  out of my ears eos buckets of moonbeams in my hand eos i got all the love ,  honey baby eos you can stand eos  eos i been meek eos and hard like an oak eos i seen pretty people disappear like smoke eos friends will arrive ,  friends will disappear eos if you want me ,  honey baby eos i 'll be here eos  eos like your smile eos and your fingertips eos like the way that you move your lips eos i like the cool way you look at me eos everything about you is bringing me eos misery eos  eos little red wagon eos little red bike eos i ai n't no monkey but i know what i like eos i like the way you love me strong and slow eos i 'm takin '  you with me ,  honey baby eos when i go eos  eos life is sad eos life is a bust eos all ya can do is do what you must eos you do what you must do and ya do it well eos i 'll do it for you ,  honey baby eos ca n't you tell ? i 'm getting weary looking in my baby 's eyes eos when she 's near me she 's so hard to recognize eos i finally realize there 's no room for regret eos true love ,  true love ,  true love tends to forget eos  eos hold me ,  baby be near eos you told me that you 'd be sincere eos every day of the year 's like playin '  russian roulette eos true love ,  true love ,  true love tends to forget eos  eos i was lyin '  down in the reeds without any oxygen eos i saw you in the wilderness among the men eos saw you drift into infinity and come back again eos all you got to do is wait and i 'll tell you when eos  eos you 're a tearjerker ,  baby ,  but i 'm under your spell eos you 're a hard worker ,  baby ,  and i know you well eos but this weekend in hell is making me sweat eos true love ,  true love ,  true love tends to forget eos  eos i was lyin '  down in the reeds without any oxygen eos i saw you in the wilderness among the men eos saw you drift into infinity and come back again eos all you got to do is wait and i 'll tell you when eos  eos you belong to me ,  baby ,  without any doubt eos do n't forsake me ,  baby ,  do n't sell me out eos do n't keep me knockin '  about from mexico to tibet eos true love ,  true love ,  true love tends to forgetoh ,  the age of the inmates eos i remember quite freely :  eos no younger than twelve eos no older  ' n seventeen eos thrown in like bandits eos and cast off like criminals eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos from the dirty old mess hall eos you march to the brick wall eos too weary to talk eos and too tired to sing eos oh ,  it 's all afternoon eos you remember your hometown eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos oh ,  the gates are cast iron eos and the walls are barbed wire eos stay far from the fence eos with the  ' lectricity sting eos and it 's keep down your head eos and stay in your number eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos oh ,  it 's fare thee well eos to the deep hollow dungeon eos farewell to the boardwalk eos that takes you to the screen eos and farewell to the minutes eos they threaten you with it eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos it 's many a guard eos that stands around smilin '  eos holdin '  his club eos like he was a king eos hopin '  to get you eos behind a wood pilin '  eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos the night aimed shadows eos through the crossbar windows eos and the wind punched hard eos to make the wall - siding sing eos it 's many a night eos i pretended to be a - sleepin '  eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos as the rain rattled heavy eos on the bunkhouse shingles eos and the sounds in the night eos they made my ears ring eos  ' til the keys of the guards eos clicked the tune of the morning eos inside the walls eos the walls of red wing eos  eos oh ,  some of us 'll end up eos in st .  cloud prison eos and some of us 'll wind up eos to be lawyers and things eos and some of us 'll stand up eos to meet you on your crossroads eos from inside the walls eos the walls of red winggod do n't make no promises that he do n't keep eos you got some big dreams ,  baby ,  but in order to dream you gotta still be asleep eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos counterfeit philosophies have polluted all of your thoughts eos karl marx has got ya by the throat ,  henry kissinger 's got you tied up in knots eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos you got innocent men in jail ,  your insane asylums are filled eos you got unrighteous doctors dealing drugs that 'll never cure your ills eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos you got men who ca n't hold their peace and women who ca n't control their tongues eos the rich seduce the poor and the old are seduced by the young eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos adulterers in churches and pornography in the schools eos you got gangsters in power and lawbreakers making rules eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos spiritual advisors and gurus to guide your every move eos instant inner peace and every step you take has got to be approved eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos do you ever wonder just what god requires ?  eos you think he 's just an errand boy to satisfy your wandering desires eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos you ca n't take it with you and you know that it 's too worthless to be sold eos they tell you ,   ' time is money ,  '  as if your life was worth its weight in gold eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ?  eos  eos there 's a man up on a cross and he 's been crucified eos do you have any idea why or for who he died ?  eos  eos when you gonna wake up ,  when you gonna wake up eos when you gonna wake up and strengthen the things that remain ? rita may ,  rita may eos you got your body in the way eos you 're so damn nonchalant eos but it 's your mind that i want eos you got me huffin '  and a - puffin '  eos next to you i feel like nothin '  eos rita may eos  eos rita may ,  rita may eos how 'd you ever get that way ?  eos when do you ever see the light ?  eos do n't you ever feel a fright ?  eos you got me burnin '  and i 'm turnin '  eos but i know i must be learnin '  eos rita may eos  eos all my friends have told me eos if i hang around with you eos that i 'll go blind eos but i know that when you hold me eos that there really must be somethin '  eos on your mind eos  eos rita may ,  rita may eos laying in a stack of hay eos do you remember where you been ?  eos what 's that crazy place you 're in ?  eos i 'm gonna have to go to college eos  ' cause you are the book of knowledge eos rita maywho killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ?  eos  eos  ' not i ,  '  says the referee eos  ' do n't point your finger at me eos i could 've stopped it in the eighth eos an '  maybe kept him from his fate eos but the crowd would 've booed ,  i 'm sure eos at not gettin '  their money 's worth eos it 's too bad he had to go eos but there was a pressure on me too ,  you know eos it was n't me that made him fall eos no ,  you ca n't blame me at all '  eos  eos who killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ?  eos  eos  ' not us ,  '  says the angry crowd eos whose screams filled the arena loud eos  ' it 's too bad he died that night eos but we just like to see a fight eos we did n't mean for him t '  meet his death eos we just meant to see some sweat eos there ai n't nothing wrong in that eos it was n't us that made him fall eos no ,  you ca n't blame us at all '  eos  eos who killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ?  eos  eos  ' not me ,  '  says his manager eos puffing on a big cigar eos  ' it 's hard to say ,  it 's hard to tell eos i always thought that he was well eos it 's too bad for his wife an '  kids he 's dead eos but if he was sick ,  he should 've said eos it was n't me that made him fall eos no ,  you ca n't blame me at all '  eos  eos who killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ?  eos  eos  ' not me ,  '  says the gambling man eos with his ticket stub still in his hand eos  ' it was n't me that knocked him down eos my hands never touched him none eos i did n't commit no ugly sin eos anyway ,  i put money on him to win eos it was n't me that made him fall eos no ,  you ca n't blame me at all '  eos  eos who killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ?  eos  eos  ' not me ,  '  says the boxing writer eos pounding print on his old typewriter eos sayin '  ,   ' boxing ai n't to blame eos there 's just as much danger in a football game '  eos sayin '  ,   ' fistfighting is here to stay eos it 's just the old american way eos it was n't me that made him fall eos no ,  you ca n't blame me at all '  eos  eos who killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ?  eos  eos  ' not me ,  '  says the man whose fists eos laid him low in a cloud of mist eos who came here from cuba 's door eos where boxing ai n't allowed no more eos  ' i hit him ,  yes ,  it 's true eos but that 's what i am paid to do eos do n't say  ' murder ,  '  do n't say  ' kill '  eos it was destiny ,  it was god 's will '  eos  eos who killed davey moore eos why an '  what 's the reason for ? if not for you eos babe ,  i could n't find the door eos could n't even see the floor eos i 'd be sad and blue eos if not for you eos  eos if not for you eos babe ,  i 'd lay awake all night eos wait for the mornin '  light eos to shine in through eos but it would not be new eos if not for you eos  eos if not for you eos my sky would fall eos rain would gather too eos without your love i 'd be nowhere at all eos i 'd be lost if not for you eos and you know it 's true eos  eos if not for you eos my sky would fall eos rain would gather too eos without your love i 'd be nowhere at all eos oh !  what would i do eos if not for you eos  eos if not for you eos winter would have no spring eos could n't hear the robin sing eos i just would n't have a clue eos anyway it would n't ring true eos if not for youoh ,  there was a wealthy merchant ,  in london he did dwell .  eos he had a lovely daughter ,  the truth to you i 'll tell ,  eos oh ,  the truth to you i 'll tell .  eos  eos she had sweethearts a - plenty and men of high degree .  eos there was none but jackie frazier ,  her true love e ' er to be ,  eos oh ,  her true love e ' er to be .  eos  eos  " oh daughter ,  oh daughter ,  your body i will confine .  eos if none but jack the sailor would ever suit your mind ,  eos oh ,  would ever suit your mind .  eos  eos  " this body you may imprison ,  my heart you ca n't confine .  eos there 's none but jack the sailor would have this heart of mine ,  eos oh ,  would have this heart of mine .  eos  eos now jackie 's gone sailing with trouble on his mind .  eos to leave his native country and his darling girl behind ,  eos oh ,  his darling girl behind .  eos  eos she went into the tailor shop and dressed in men 's array ,  eos then she went into the vessel to convey herself away ,  eos oh ,  convey herself away .  eos  eos  " before you step onboard ,  sir ,  your name i 'd like to know .  "  eos she smiled all in her countenance ,  said ,   " they call me jack - a - roe ,  eos oh ,  they call me jack - a - roe .  "  eos  eos  " your waist is light and slender ,  your fingers neat and small ,  eos your cheeks too red and rosy for to face the cannonball ,  eos oh ,  to face the cannonball .  eos  eos  " i know my waist is slender and my fingers they are small ,  eos but they would not make me tremble for to see ten thousand fall ,  eos oh ,  to see ten thousand fall .  "  eos  eos the war soon being over ,  they hunted all around .  eos among the dead and dying her darling love she found ,  eos oh ,  her darling love she found .  eos  eos she picked him up all in her arms and carries him to town ,  eos and sent for her physician to quickly heal his wounds ,  eos oh ,  to quickly heal his wounds .  eos  eos this couple ,  they got married ,  so well they did agree ,  eos this couple they got married ,  so why not you and me ,  eos oh ,  so why not you and me . delia was a gambling girl ,  gambled all around ,  eos delia was a gambling girl ,  she laid her money down .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos delia 's dear ol '  mother took a trip out west ,  eos when she returned ,  little delia gone to rest .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos delia 's daddy weeped ,  delia 's momma moaned ,  eos would n't have been so bad if the poor girl died at home .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos curtis '  looking high ,  curtis '  looking low ,  eos he shot poor delia down with a cruel forty - four .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos high up on the housetops ,  high as i can see ,  eos looking for them rounders ,  looking out for me .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos men in atlanta ,  tryin '  to pass for white ,  eos delia 's in the graveyard ,  boys ,  six feet out of sight .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos judge says to curtis ,   " what 's this noise about ?  "  eos  " all about them rounders ,  judge ,  tryin '  to cut me out .  "  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos curtis said to the judge ,   " what might be my fine ?  "  eos judge says ,   " poor boy ,  you got ninety - nine .  "  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos curtis '  in the jail house ,  drinking from an old tin cup ,  eos delia 's in the graveyard ,  she ai n't gettin '  up .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos delia ,  oh delia ,  how can it be ?  eos you loved all them rounders ,  never did love me .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone .  eos  eos delia ,  oh delia ,  how can it be ?  eos you wanted all them rounders ,  never had time for me .  eos all the friends i ever had are gone . i saw it advertised one day eos bear mountain picnic was comin '  my way eos  ' come along  ' n '  take a trip eos we 'll bring you up there on a ship eos bring the wife and kids eos bring the whole family '  eos yippee !  eos  eos well ,  i run right down  ' n '  bought a ticket eos to this bear mountain picnic eos but little did i realize eos i was in for a picnic surprise eos had nothin '  to do with mountains eos i did n't even come close to a bear eos  eos took the wife  ' n '  kids down to the pier eos six thousand people there eos everybody had a ticket for the trip eos  ' oh well ,  '  i said ,   ' it 's a pretty big ship eos besides ,  anyway ,  the more the merrier '  eos  eos well ,  we all got on  ' n '  what d ' ya think eos that big old boat started t '  sink eos more people kept a - pilin '  on eos that old ship was a - slowly goin '  down eos funny way t '  start a picnic eos  eos well ,  i soon lost track of m '  kids  ' n '  wife eos so many people there i never saw in m '  life eos that old ship sinkin '  down in the water eos six thousand people tryin '  t '  kill each other eos dogs a - barkin '  ,  cats a - meowin '  eos women screamin '  ,  fists a - flyin '  ,  babies cryin '  eos cops a - comin '  ,  me a - runnin '  eos maybe we just better call off the picnic eos  eos i got shoved down  ' n '  pushed around eos all i could hear there was a screamin '  sound eos do n't remember one thing more eos just remember wakin '  up on a little shore eos head busted ,  stomach cracked eos feet splintered ,  i was bald ,  naked  .   .   .  eos quite lucky to be alive though eos  eos feelin '  like i climbed outa m '  casket eos i grabbed back hold of m '  picnic basket eos took the wife  ' n '  kids  ' n '  started home eos wishin '  i 'd never got up that morn eos  eos now ,  i do n't care just what you do eos if you wanta have a picnic ,  that 's up t '  you eos but do n't tell me about it ,  i do n't wanta hear it eos  ' cause ,  see ,  i just lost all m '  picnic spirit eos stay in m '  kitchen ,  have m '  own picnic  .   .   .  eos in the bathroom eos  eos now ,  it do n't seem to me quite so funny eos what some people are gonna do f ' r money eos there 's a bran '  new gimmick every day eos just t '  take somebody 's money away eos i think we oughta take some o '  these people eos and put  ' em on a boat ,  send  ' em up to bear mountain  .   .   .  eos for a picnicget you a copper kettle ,  get you a copper coil eos fill it with new made corn mash and never more you 'll toil eos you 'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright eos watch them jugs a - filling in the pale moonlight .  eos  eos build you a fire with hickory ,  hickory ,  ash and oak eos do n't use no green or rotten wood ,  they 'll get you by the smoke eos you 'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright eos watch them jugs a - filling in the pale moonlight .  eos  eos my daddy he made whiskey ,  my granddaddy he did too eos we ai n't paid no whiskey tax since 1792 eos you 'll just lay there by the juniper while the moon is bright eos watch them jugs a - filling in the pale moonlight . i wandered again to my home in the mountain eos where in youth 's early days i was happy and free eos i looked for my friends but i never could find them eos i found they were all rank strangers to me .  eos  eos ev ' rybody i met seemed to be a rank stranger eos no mother or dad not a friend could i see eos they knew not my name and i knew not their faces eos i found they were all rank strangers to me .  eos  eos they all moved a way ,  said a voice of a stranger eos  " to that bautiful home by the bright crystal sea "  eos some beautiful day i 'll meet  ' em in heaven eos where no one will be a stranger to me .  eos  eos ev ' rybody i met seemed to be a rank stranger eos no mother or dad not a friend could i see eos they knew not my name and i knew not their faces eos i found they were all rank strangers to me . well i told my baby eos i said  " baby ,  i know eos where you been eos well ,  i know who you are eos and what league you played in "  eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn .  eos  eos well ,  the night is so empty eos so quit and still eos for only fifteen eos hundred dollars eos you can have anybody killed eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn .  eos  eos well ,  i told my baby eos further down the line eos i said ,   " what happens tomorrow eos is on your head ,  not mine "  eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn eos you wanna ramble eos to the break of dawn . once i had a pony ,  her name was lucifer eos i had a pony ,  her name was lucifer eos she broke her leg and she needed shooting eos i swear it hurt me more than it could ever have hurted her eos  eos sometimes i wonder what 's going on in the mind of miss x eos sometimes i wonder what 's going on in the mind of miss x eos you know she got such a sweet disposition eos i never know what the poor girl 's gonna do to me next eos  eos i got a new pony ,  she knows how to fox - trot ,  lope and pace eos well ,  i got a new pony ,  she knows how to fox - trot ,  lope and pace eos she got great big hind legs eos and long black shaggy hair above her face eos  eos well now ,  it was early in the mornin '  ,  i seen your shadow in the door eos it was early in the mornin '  ,  i seen your shadow in the door eos now ,  i do n't have to ask nobody eos i know what you come here for eos  eos they say you 're usin '  voodoo ,  your feet walk by themselves eos they say you 're usin '  voodoo ,  i seen your feet walk by themselves eos oh ,  baby ,  that god you been prayin '  to eos is gonna give ya back what you 're wishin '  on someone else eos  eos come over here pony ,  i ,  i wanna climb up one time on you eos come over here pony ,  i ,  i wanna climb up one time on you eos well ,  you 're so bad and nasty eos but i love you ,  yes i doman comes to the door—i say ,   ' for whom are you looking ?  '  eos he says ,   ' your wife ,  '  i say ,   ' she 's busy in the kitchen cookin '  '  eos poor boy—where you been ?  eos i already tol '  you—wo n't tell you again eos  eos i say ,   ' how much you want for that ?  '  i go into the store eos the man says ,   ' three dollars .  '   ' all right ,  '  i say ,   ' will you take four ?  '  eos poor boy—never say die eos things will be all right by and by eos  eos been workin '  on the mainline—workin '  like the devil eos the game is the same—it 's just on a different level eos poor boy—dressed in black eos police at your back eos  eos poor boy in a red hot town eos out beyond the twinklin '  stars eos ridin '  first - class trains—making the rounds eos tryin '  to keep from fallin '  between the cars eos  eos othello told desdemona ,   ' i 'm cold ,  cover me with a blanket eos by the way ,  what happened to that poison wine ?  '  eos she says ,   ' i gave it to you ,  you drank it '  eos poor boy ,  layin '   ' em straight—pickin '  up the cherries fallin '  off the plate eos  eos time and love has branded me with its claws eos had to go to florida ,  dodgin '  them georgia laws eos poor boy ,  in the hotel called the palace of gloom eos calls down to room service ,  says send up a room eos  eos my mother was a daughter of a wealthy farmer eos my father was a traveling salesman ,  i never met him eos when my mother died ,  my uncle took me in—he ran a funeral parlor eos he did a lot of nice things for me and i wo n't forget him eos  eos all i know is that i 'm thrilled by your kiss eos i do n't know any more than this eos poor boy ,  pickin '  up sticks eos build ya a house out of mortar and bricks eos  eos knockin '  on the door ,  i say ,   ' who is it and where are you from ?  '  eos man says ,   ' freddy !  '  i say ,   ' freddy who ?  '  he says ,   ' freddy or not here i come '  eos poor boy  ' neath the stars that shine eos washin '  them dishes ,  feedin '  them swinethere 's a home place under fire tonight in the heartland eos and the bankers are takin '  my home and my land from me eos there 's a big achin '  hole in my chest now where my heart was eos and a hole in the sky where god used to be eos  eos there 's a home place under fire tonight in the heartland eos there 's a well with water so bitter nobody can drink eos ai n't no way to get high and my mouth is so dry that i ca n't speak eos do n't they know that i 'm dyin '  ,  why nobody cryin '  for me ?  eos  eos my american dream eos fell apart at the seams .  eos you tell me what it means ,  eos you tell me what it means .  eos  eos my american dream eos fell apart at the seams .  eos you tell me what it means ,  eos you tell me what it means . lost john sitting on a railroad track eos something 's out of wack eos blues this morning falling down like hail eos gonna leave a greasy trail eos  eos gonna travel the world is what i 'm gonna do eos then come back and see you eos all i ever do is struggle and strive eos if i do n't do anybody any harm ,  i might make it back home alive eos  eos i 'm the oldest son of a crazy man eos i 'm in a cowboy band eos got a pile of sins to pay for and i ai n't got time to hide eos i 'd walk through a blazing fire ,  baby ,  if i knew you was on the other side eos  eos oh ,  i miss you nettie moore eos and my happiness is o ' er eos winter 's gone ,  the river 's on the rise eos i loved you then and ever shall eos but there 's no one here that 's left to tell eos the world has gone black before my eyes eos  eos the world of research has gone berserk eos too much paperwork eos albert 's in the graveyard ,  frankie 's raising hell eos i 'm beginning to believe what the scriptures tell eos  eos i 'm going where the southern crosses the yellow dog eos get away from these demagogues eos and these bad luck women stick like glue eos it 's either one or the other or neither of the two eos  eos she says ,   " look out daddy ,  do n't want you to tear your pants .  eos you can get wrecked in this dance .  "  eos they say whiskey will kill ya ,  but i do n't think it will eos i 'm riding with you to the top of the hill eos  eos oh ,  i miss you nettie moore eos and my happiness is o ' er eos winter 's gone ,  the river 's on the rise eos i loved you then and ever shall eos but there 's no one here that 's left to tell eos the world has gone black before my eyes eos  eos do n't know why my baby never looked so good before eos i do n't have to wonder no more eos she been cooking all day and it 's gonna take me all night eos i ca n't eat all that stuff in a single bite eos  eos the judge is coming in ,  everybody rise eos lift up your eyes eos you can do what you please ,  you do n't need my advice eos before you call me any dirty names you better think twice eos  eos getting light outside ,  the temperature dropped eos i think the rain has stopped eos i 'm going to make you come to grips with fate eos when i 'm through with you ,  you 'll learn to keep your business straight eos  eos oh ,  i miss you nettie moore eos and my happiness is o ' er eos winter 's gone ,  the river 's on the rise eos i loved you then and ever shall eos but there 's no one here that 's left to tell eos the world has gone black before my eyes eos  eos the bright spark of the steady lights eos has dimmed my sights eos when you 're around all my grief gives  ' way eos a lifetime with you is like some heavenly day eos  eos everything i 've ever known to be right has proven wrong eos i 'll be drifting along eos the woman i 'm lovin '  ,  she rules my heart eos no knife could ever cut our love apart eos  eos today i 'll stand in faith and raise eos the voice of praise eos the sun is strong ,  i 'm standing in the light eos i wish to god that it were night eos  eos oh ,  i miss you nettie moore eos and my happiness is o ' er eos winter 's gone ,  the river 's on the rise eos i loved you then and ever shall eos but there 's no one here that 's left to tell eos the world has gone black before my eyesi once held her in my arms eos she said she would always stay eos but i was cruel eos i treated her like a fool eos i threw it all away eos  eos once i had mountains in the palm of my hand eos and rivers that ran through ev ' ry day eos i must have been mad eos i never knew what i had eos until i threw it all away eos  eos love is all there is ,  it makes the world go  ' round eos love and only love ,  it ca n't be denied eos no matter what you think about it eos you just wo n't be able to do without it eos take a tip from one who 's tried eos  eos so if you find someone that gives you all of her love eos take it to your heart ,  do n't let it stray eos for one thing that 's certain eos you will surely be a - hurtin '  eos if you throw it all awaywell i 'm looking the world over eos looking far off into the east eos and i see my baby coming eos she 's walking with the village priest eos i feel a change coming on eos and the last part of the day is already gone eos  eos we got so much in common eos we strive for the same old ends eos and i just ca n't wait  eos wait for us to become friends eos i feel a change coming on eos and the fourth part of the day is already gone eos  eos life is for love eos and they say that love is blind eos if you want to live easy  eos baby pack your clothes with mine eos i feel a change coming on eos and the fourth part of the day is already gone eos  eos well now what 's the use in dreamin '  eos you got better things to do eos dreams never did work for me anyway eos even when they did come true eos  eos you are as whorish as ever eos baby you could start a fire eos i must be losing my mind eos you 're the object of my desire eos i feel a change coming on eos and the fourth part of the day is already gone eos  eos i 'm listening to billy joe shaver eos and i 'm reading james joyce eos some people they tell me  eos i got the blood of the land in my voice eos  eos everybody got all the money eos everybody got all the beautiful clothes eos everybody got all the flowers eos i do n't have one single rose eos i feel a change coming on eos and the fourth part of the day is already gonewhen you 're sad and when you 're lonely eos and you have n't got a friend eos just remember that death is not the end eos and all that you 've held sacred eos falls down and does not mend eos just remember that death is not the end eos not the end ,  not the end eos just remember that death is not the end eos  eos when you 're standing at the crossroads eos that you cannot comprehend eos just remember that death is not the end eos and all your dreams have vanished eos and you do n't know what 's up the bend eos just remember that death is not the end eos not the end ,  not the end eos just remember that death is not the end eos  eos when the storm clouds gather  ' round you eos and heavy rains descend eos just remember that death is not the end eos and there 's no one there to comfort you eos with a helpin '  hand to lend eos just remember that death is not the end eos not the end ,  not the end eos just remember that death is not the end eos  eos oh ,  the tree of life is growing eos where the spirit never dies eos and the bright light of salvation shines eos in dark and empty skies eos  eos when the cities are on fire eos with the burning flesh of men eos just remember that death is not the end eos and you search in vain to find eos just one law - abiding citizen eos just remember that death is not the end eos not the end ,  not the end eos just remember that death is not the endyou been down to the bottom with a bad man ,  babe eos but you 're back where you belong eos go get me my pistol ,  babe eos honey ,  i ca n't tell right from wrong eos  eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying eos you know ,  i know ,  the sun will always shine eos so baby ,  please stop crying  ' cause it 's tearing up my mind eos  eos go down to the river ,  babe eos honey ,  i will meet you there eos go down to the river ,  babe eos honey ,  i will pay your fare eos  eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying eos you know ,  i know ,  the sun will always shine eos so baby ,  please stop crying  ' cause it 's tearing up my mind eos  eos if you 're looking for assistance ,  babe eos or if you just want some company eos or if you just want a friend you can talk to eos honey ,  come and see about me eos  eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying eos you know ,  i know ,  the sun will always shine eos so baby ,  please stop crying  ' cause it 's tearing up my mind eos  eos you been hurt so many times eos and i know what you 're thinking of eos well ,  i do n't have to be no doctor ,  babe eos to see that you 're madly in love eos  eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying ,  stop crying ,  stop crying eos baby ,  please stop crying eos you know ,  i know ,  the sun will always shine eos so baby ,  please stop crying  ' cause it 's tearing up my minddown along the cove eos i spied my true love comin '  my way eos down along the cove eos i spied my true love comin '  my way eos i say ,   ' lord ,  have mercy ,  mama eos it sure is good to see you comin '  today "  eos  eos down along the cove eos i spied my little bundle of joy eos down along the cove eos i spied my little bundle of joy eos she said ,   ' lord ,  have mercy ,  honey eos i 'm so glad you 're my boy !  '  eos  eos down along the cove eos we walked together hand in hand eos down along the cove eos we walked together hand in hand .  eos ev ' rybody watchin '  us go by eos knows we 're in love ,  yes ,  and they understandpistol shots ring out in the barroom night eos enter patty valentine from the upper hall eos she sees the bartender in a pool of blood eos cries out ,   ' my god ,  they killed them all !  '  eos here comes the story of the hurricane eos the man the authorities came to blame eos for somethin '  that he never done eos put in a prison cell ,  but one time he could - a been eos the champion of the world eos  eos three bodies lyin '  there does patty see eos and another man named bello ,  movin '  around mysteriously eos  ' i did n't do it ,  '  he says ,  and he throws up his hands eos  ' i was only robbin '  the register ,  i hope you understand eos i saw them leavin '  ,  '  he says ,  and he stops eos  ' one of us had better call up the cops '  eos and so patty calls the cops eos and they arrive on the scene with their red lights flashin '  eos in the hot new jersey night eos  eos meanwhile ,  far away in another part of town eos rubin carter and a couple of friends are drivin '  around eos number one contender for the middleweight crown eos had no idea what kinda shit was about to go down eos when a cop pulled him over to the side of the road eos just like the time before and the time before that eos in paterson that 's just the way things go eos if you 're black you might as well not show up on the street eos  ' less you wanna draw the heat eos  eos alfred bello had a partner and he had a rap for the cops eos him and arthur dexter bradley were just out prowlin '  around eos he said ,   ' i saw two men runnin '  out ,  they looked like middleweights eos they jumped into a white car with out - of - state plates '  eos and miss patty valentine just nodded her head eos cop said ,   ' wait a minute ,  boys ,  this one 's not dead '  eos so they took him to the infirmary eos and though this man could hardly see eos they told him that he could identify the guilty men eos  eos four in the mornin '  and they haul rubin in eos take him to the hospital and they bring him upstairs eos the wounded man looks up through his one dyin '  eye eos says ,   ' wha 'd you bring him in here for ?  he ai n't the guy !  '  eos yes ,  here 's the story of the hurricane eos the man the authorities came to blame eos for somethin '  that he never done eos put in a prison cell ,  but one time he could - a been eos the champion of the world eos  eos four months later ,  the ghettos are in flame eos rubin 's in south america ,  fightin '  for his name eos while arthur dexter bradley 's still in the robbery game eos and the cops are puttin '  the screws to him ,  lookin '  for somebody to blame eos  ' remember that murder that happened in a bar ?  '  eos  ' remember you said you saw the getaway car ?  '  eos  ' you think you 'd like to play ball with the law ?  '  eos  ' think it might - a been that fighter that you saw runnin '  that night ?  '  eos  ' do n't forget that you are white '  eos  eos arthur dexter bradley said ,   ' i 'm really not sure '  eos cops said ,   ' a poor boy like you could use a break eos we got you for the motel job and we 're talkin '  to your friend bello eos now you do n't wanta have to go back to jail ,  be a nice fellow eos you 'll be doin '  society a favor eos that sonofabitch is brave and gettin '  braver eos we want to put his ass in stir eos we want to pin this triple murder on him eos he ai n't no gentleman jim '  eos  eos rubin could take a man out with just one punch eos but he never did like to talk about it all that much eos it 's my work ,  he 'd say ,  and i do it for pay eos and when it 's over i 'd just as soon go on my way eos up to some paradise eos where the trout streams flow and the air is nice eos and ride a horse along a trail eos but then they took him to the jailhouse eos where they try to turn a man into a mouse eos  eos all of rubin 's cards were marked in advance eos the trial was a pig - circus ,  he never had a chance eos the judge made rubin 's witnesses drunkards from the slums eos to the white folks who watched he was a revolutionary bum eos and to the black folks he was just a crazy nigger eos no one doubted that he pulled the trigger eos and though they could not produce the gun eos the d . a .  said he was the one who did the deed eos and the all - white jury agreed eos  eos rubin carter was falsely tried eos the crime was murder  ' one ,  '  guess who testified ?  eos bello and bradley and they both baldly lied eos and the newspapers ,  they all went along for the ride eos how can the life of such a man eos be in the palm of some fool 's hand ?  eos to see him obviously framed eos could n't help but make me feel ashamed to live in a land eos where justice is a game eos  eos now all the criminals in their coats and their ties eos are free to drink martinis and watch the sun rise eos while rubin sits like buddha in a ten - foot cell eos an innocent man in a living hell eos that 's the story of the hurricane eos but it wo n't be over till they clear his name eos and give him back the time he 's done eos put in a prison cell ,  but one time he could - a been eos the champion of the worldthere was a man named hatma gandi eos he would not bow down he would not fight eos he knew the deal was down and dirty eos and nothing wrong could make it right away eos but he knew his duty and the prize he had to pay eos just another holy man who tried to be a friend eos my god ,  they killed him .  eos  eos another man from atlanta ,  georgia eos by name of martin luther king eos he shook the land like the rolling thunder eos and made the bells of freedom ring today eos with a dream of beauty that they could not burn away eos just another holy man who dared to make a stand eos my god ,  they killed him .  eos  eos the only son of god almighty eos the holy one called jesus christ eos he healed the lame and fed the hungry eos and for his love they took his life away eos on the road to glory where the story never ends eos just the holy son of man we 'll never understand eos my god ,  they killed him .  eos  eos there was a man named mahatma gandi eos a man named martin luther king eos the only son of god almighty eos the only one called jesus christ eos on the road to glory where the story never ends eos just the holy son of man we 'll never understand eos my god ,  they killed him .  eos  eos there was a man named mahatma gandi eos a man named martin luther king eos the only son of god almighty eos the only one called jesus christ eos on the road to glory where the story never ends eos just the holy son of man we 'll never understand eos my god ,  they killed him . the iron hand it ai n't no match for the iron rod eos the strongest wall will crumble and fall to a mighty god eos for all those who have eyes and all those who have ears eos it is only he who can reduce me to tears eos do n't you cry and do n't you die and do n't you burn eos for like a thief in the night ,  he 'll replace wrong with right eos when he returns eos  eos truth is an arrow and the gate is narrow that it passes through eos he unleashed his power at an unknown hour that no one knew eos how long can i listen to the lies of prejudice ?  eos how long can i stay drunk on fear out in the wilderness ?  eos can i cast it aside ,  all this loyalty and this pride ?  eos will i ever learn that there 'll be no peace ,  that the war wo n't cease eos until he returns ?  eos  eos surrender your crown on this blood - stained ground ,  take off your mask eos he sees your deeds ,  he knows your needs even before you ask eos how long can you falsify and deny what is real ?  eos how long can you hate yourself for the weakness you conceal ?  eos of every earthly plan that be known to man ,  he is unconcerned eos he 's got plans of his own to set up his throne eos when he returnsoh ,  ye playboys and playgirls eos ai n't a - gonna run my world eos ai n't a - gonna run my world eos ai n't a - gonna run my world eos ye playboys and playgirls eos ai n't a - gonna run my world eos not now or no other time eos  eos you fallout shelter sellers eos ca n't get in my door eos ca n't get in my door eos ca n't get in my door eos you fallout shelter sellers eos ca n't get in my door eos not now or no other time eos  eos your jim crow ground eos ca n't turn me around eos ca n't turn me around eos ca n't turn me around eos your jim crow ground eos ca n't turn me around eos not now or no other time eos  eos the laughter in the lynch mob eos ai n't a - gonna do no more eos ai n't a - gonna do no more eos ai n't a - gonna do no more eos the laughter in the lynch mob eos ai n't a - gonna do no more eos not now or no other time eos  eos you insane tongues of war talk eos ai n't a - gonna guide my road eos ai n't a - gonna guide my road eos ai n't a - gonna guide my road eos you insane tongues of war talk eos ai n't a - gonna guide my road eos not now or no other time eos  eos you red baiters and race haters eos ai n't a - gonna hang around here eos ai n't a - gonna hang around here eos ai n't a - gonna hang around here eos you red baiters and race haters eos ai n't a - gonna hang around here eos not now or no other time eos  eos ye playboys and playgirls eos ai n't a - gonna own my world eos ai n't a - gonna own my world eos ai n't a - gonna own my world eos ye playboys and playgirls eos ai n't a - gonna own my world eos not now or no other timeramblin '  outa the wild west eos leavin '  the towns i love the best eos thought i 'd seen some ups and downs eos  ' til i come into new york town eos people goin '  down to the ground eos buildings goin '  up to the sky eos  eos wintertime in new york town eos the wind blowin '  snow around eos walk around with nowhere to go eos somebody could freeze right to the bone eos i froze right to the bone eos new york times said it was the coldest winter in seventeen years eos i did n't feel so cold then eos  eos i swung onto my old guitar eos grabbed hold of a subway car eos and after a rocking ,  reeling ,  rolling ride eos i landed up on the downtown side eos greenwich village eos  eos i walked down there and ended up eos in one of them coffee - houses on the block eos got on the stage to sing and play eos man there said ,   ' come back some other day eos you sound like a hillbilly eos we want folk singers here '  eos  eos well ,  i got a harmonica job ,  begun to play eos blowin '  my lungs out for a dollar a day eos i blowed inside out and upside down eos the man there said he loved m '  sound eos he was ravin '  about how he loved m '  sound eos dollar a day 's worth eos  eos and after weeks and weeks of hangin '  around eos i finally got a job in new york town eos in a bigger place ,  bigger money too eos even joined the union and paid m '  dues eos  eos now ,  a very great man once said eos that some people rob you with a fountain pen eos it did n't take too long to find out eos just what he was talkin '  about eos a lot of people do n't have much food on their table eos but they got a lot of forks  ' n '  knives eos and they gotta cut somethin '  eos  eos so one mornin '  when the sun was warm eos i rambled out of new york town eos pulled my cap down over my eyes eos and headed out for the western skies eos so long ,  new york eos howdy ,  east orangekatie 's been gone since the spring time ;  eos she wrote one time ' n sent her love .  eos katie 's been gone for such a long time now .  eos i wonder what kind of love she 's thinkin '  of .  eos  eos dear katie ,  eos if you can hear me ,  eos i ca n't wait to have ya near me .  eos  eos oh ,  katie ,  since ya caught that bus ,  eos well ,  i just do n't know how things are with us .  eos i 'm still here and you 're out there .  eos  eos katie laughed when i said i was lonely .  eos she said ,  there 's no need t ' feel that way .  eos katie said that i was her only one ,  eos but then i wonder why she did n't wanna stay .  eos  eos dear katie ,  if i 'm the only one ,  eos how much longer will you be gone ?  eos oh ,  katie ,  wo n't ya tell me straight :  eos how much longer do i have to wait ?  eos  eos i 'll believe you ,  eos but please come through .  eos i know it 's wrong to be apart this long ;  eos you should be here ,  near me .  eos  eos katie 's been gone and now her face is slowly fading from my mind .  eos she 's gone to find some newer places ,  eos left the old life far behind .  eos dear katie ,  dont ya miss your home ?  eos i dont see why you had to roam .  eos  eos dear katie ,  since you 've been away eos i lose a little something every day eos i need you here ,  but you 're still out there .  eos dear katie ,  please drop me a line ,  eos just write ,  love ,  to tell me you 're fine .  eos  eos oh ,  katie ,  if you can hear me ,  eos i just cant wait to have you near me .  eos i can only think eos where are you ,  eos what ya do ,  may be there 's someone new . now you 're here beside me ,  baby eos you 're a living dream eos and every time you get this close eos it makes me want to scream eos you touched me and you knew eos that i was warm for you and then eos i ai n't never gonna be the same again eos  eos sorry if i hurt you ,  baby eos sorry if i did eos sorry if i touched the place eos where your secrets are hid eos but you meant more than everything eos and i could not pretend eos i ai n't never gonna be the same again eos  eos you give me something to think about ,  baby eos every time i see ya eos do n't worry ,  baby ,  i do n't mind leaving eos i 'd just like it to be my idea eos  eos you taught me how to love you ,  baby eos you taught me ,  oh ,  so well eos now ,  i ca n't go back to what was ,  baby eos i ca n't unring the bell eos you took my reality eos and cast it to the wind eos and i ai n't never gonna be the same againmost of the time eos i 'm clear focused all around eos most of the time eos i can keep both feet on the ground eos i can follow the path ,  i can read the signs eos stay right with it when the road unwinds eos i can handle whatever i stumble upon eos i do n't even notice she 's gone eos most of the time eos  eos most of the time eos it 's well understood eos most of the time eos i would n't change it if i could eos i can make it all match up ,  i can hold my own eos i can deal with the situation right down to the bone eos i can survive ,  i can endure eos and i do n't even think about her eos most of the time eos  eos most of the time eos my head is on straight eos most of the time eos i 'm strong enough not to hate eos i do n't build up illusion  ' til it makes me sick eos i ai n't afraid of confusion no matter how thick eos i can smile in the face of mankind eos do n't even remember what her lips felt like on mine eos most of the time eos  eos most of the time eos she ai n't even in my mind eos i would n't know her if i saw her eos she 's that far behind eos most of the time eos i ca n't even be sure eos if she was ever with me eos or if i was with her eos  eos most of the time eos i 'm halfway content eos most of the time eos i know exactly where it went eos i do n't cheat on myself ,  i do n't run and hide eos hide from the feelings that are buried inside eos i do n't compromise and i do n't pretend eos i do n't even care if i ever see her again eos most of the timelazy stadium night eos catfish on the mound eos  ' strike three ,  '  the umpire said eos batter have to go back and sit down eos  eos catfish ,  million - dollar - man eos nobody can throw the ball like catfish can eos  eos used to work on mr .  finley 's farm eos but the old man would n't pay eos so he packed his glove and took his arm eos an '  one day he just ran away eos  eos catfish ,  million - dollar - man eos nobody can throw the ball like catfish can eos  eos come up where the yankees are eos dress up in a pinstripe suit eos smoke a custom - made cigar eos wear an alligator boot eos  eos catfish ,  million - dollar - man eos nobody can throw the ball like catfish can eos  eos carolina born and bred eos love to hunt the little quail eos got a hundred - acre spread eos got some huntin '  dogs for sale eos  eos catfish ,  million - dollar - man eos nobody can throw the ball like catfish can eos  eos reggie jackson at the plate eos seein '  nothin '  but the curve eos swing too early or too late eos got to eat what catfish serve eos  eos catfish ,  million - dollar - man eos nobody can throw the ball like catfish can eos  eos even billy martin grins eos when the fish is in the game eos every season twenty wins eos gonna make the hall of fame eos  eos catfish ,  million - dollar - man eos nobody can throw the ball like catfish candone laid around ,  done stayed around eos this old town too long eos summer 's almost gone ,  winter 's coming on eos done laid around ,  done stayed around eos this old town too long eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on .  eos  eos papa writes to johnny ,   " johnny ,  ca n't you come home  ?  eos johnny ,  ca n't you come home  ?  johnny ,  ca n't you come home  ?  "  eos papa writes to johnny ,   " johnny ,  ca n't you come home  ?  "  eos johnny 's been out on the road too long eos done laid around ,  done stayed around eos this old town too long eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on .  eos  eos that silly wind will soon begin and i 'll be on my way eos going home to stay ,  going home to stay eos that silly wind will soon begin and i 'll be on my way eos and i feel like i just want to travel on eos done laid around ,  done stayed around eos this old town too long eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on .  eos  eos there 's a lonesome freight at 6 . 08 coming through the town eos i 'll be homward bound ,  i 'll be homeward bound eos there 's a lonesome freight at 6 . 08 coming through the town eos and i feel like i just want to travel on eos done laid around ,  done stayed around eos this old town too long eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on eos and it seems like i 've got to travel on . i was in your presence for an hour or so eos or was it a day ?  i truly do n't know eos where the sun never set ,  where the trees hung low eos by that soft and shining sea eos did you respect me for what i did eos or for what i did n't do ,  or for keeping it hid ?  eos did i lose my mind when i tried to get rid eos of everything you see ?  eos  eos in the summertime ,  ah in the summertime eos in the summertime ,  when you were with me eos  eos i got the heart and you got the blood eos we cut through iron and we cut through mud eos then came the warnin '  that was before the flood eos that set everybody free eos fools they made a mock of sin eos our loyalty they tried to win eos but you were closer to me than my next of kin eos when they did n't want to know or see eos  eos in the summertime ,  ah in the summertime eos in the summertime when you were with me eos  eos strangers ,  they meddled in our affairs eos poverty and shame was theirs eos but all that sufferin '  was not to be compared eos with the glory that is to be eos and i 'm still carrying the gift you gave eos it 's a part of me now ,  it 's been cherished and saved eos it 'll be with me unto the grave eos and then unto eternity eos  eos in the summertime ,  ah in the summertime eos in the summertime when you were with meyou know ,  there 's two ol '  maids layin '  in the bed eos one picked herself up an '  the other one ,  she said :  eos  ' get your rocks off !  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off - a me !   ( get  ' em off !  )  '  eos  eos well ,  you know ,  there late one night up on blueberry hill eos one man turned to the other man and said ,  with a blood - curdlin '  chill ,  he said :  eos  ' get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off - a me !   ( get  ' em off !  )  '  eos  eos well ,  you know ,  we was layin '  down around mink muscle creek eos one man said to the other man ,  he began to speak ,  he said :  eos  ' get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off - a me !   ( get  ' em off !  )  '  eos  eos well ,  you know ,  we was cruisin '  down the highway in a greyhound bus eos all kinds - a children in the side road ,  they was hollerin '  at us ,  sayin '  :  eos  ' get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off !   ( get  ' em off !  )  eos get your rocks off - a me !  ' when i get off of this mountain eos you know where i want to go eos straight down the mississippi river eos to the gulf of mexico eos  eos to lake charles ,  louisiana eos little bessie ,  a girl that i once knew eos and she told me just to come on by eos if there 's anything she could do eos  eos up on cripple creek she sends me eos if i spring a leak she mends me eos i do n't have to speak she defends me eos a drunkard 's dream if i ever did see one eos  eos good luck had just stung me eos to the race track i did go eos she bet on one horse to win eos and i bet on another to show eos  eos odds were in my favor eos i had him five to one eos when that nag to win came around the track eos sure enough he had won eos  eos up on cripple creek she sends me eos if i spring a leak she mends me eos i do n't have to speak she defends me eos a drunkard 's dream if i ever did see one eos  eos i took up all of my winnings eos and i gave my little bessie half eos and she tore it up and blew it in my face eos just for a laugh eos  eos now there 's one thing in the whole wide world eos i sure would like to see eos that 's when that little love of mine eos dips her doughnut in my tea eos  eos up on cripple creek she sends me eos if i spring a leak she mends me eos i do n't have to speak she defends me eos a drunkard 's dream if i ever did see one eos  eos now me and my mate were back at the shack eos we had spike jones on the box eos she said ,   " i ca n't take the way he sings eos but i love to hear him talk "  eos  eos now that just gave my heart a fall eos to the bottom of my feet eos and i swore as i took another pull eos my bessie ca n't be beat eos  eos up on cripple creek she sends me eos if i spring a leak she mends me eos i do n't have to speak she defends me eos a drunkard 's dream if i ever did see one eos  eos now ,  it 's hot in california eos and up north it 's freezing cold eos and this living off the road eos is getting pretty old eos  eos so i guess i 'll call up my big mama eos tell her i 'll be rolling in eos bet you know ,  deep down ,  i 'm kinda tempted eos to go and see my bessie again eos  eos up on cripple creek she sends me eos if i spring a leak she mends me eos i do n't have to speak she defends me eos a drunkard 's dream if i ever did see onefor his age ,  he 's wise eos he 's got his mother 's eyes eos there 's gladness in his heart eos he 's young and he 's wild eos my only prayer is ,  if i ca n't be there eos lord ,  protect my child eos  eos as his youth now unfolds eos he is centuries old eos just to see him at play makes me smile eos no matter what happens to me eos no matter what my destiny eos lord ,  protect my child eos  eos the whole world is asleep eos you can look at it and weep eos few things you find are worthwhile eos and though i do n't ask for much eos no material things to touch eos lord ,  protect my child eos  eos he 's young and on fire eos full of hope and desire eos in a world that 's been raped and defiled eos if i fall along the way eos and ca n't see another day eos lord ,  protect my child eos  eos there 'll be a time i hear tell eos when all will be well eos when god and man will be reconciled eos but until men lose their chains eos and righteousness reigns eos lord ,  protect my childthe festival was over ,  the boys were all plannin '  for a fall eos the cabaret was quiet except for the drillin '  in the wall eos the curfew had been lifted and the gamblin '  wheel shut down eos anyone with any sense had already left town eos he was standin '  in the doorway lookin '  like the jack of hearts eos  eos he moved across the mirrored room ,   ' set it up for everyone ,  '  he said eos then everyone commenced to do what they were doin '  before he turned their heads eos then he walked up to a stranger and he asked him with a grin eos  ' could you kindly tell me ,  friend ,  what time the show begins ?  '  eos then he moved into the corner ,  face down like the jack of hearts eos  eos backstage the girls were playin '  five - card stud by the stairs eos lily had two queens ,  she was hopin '  for a third to match her pair eos outside the streets were fillin '  up ,  the window was open wide eos a gentle breeze was blowin '  ,  you could feel it from inside eos lily called another bet and drew up the jack of hearts eos  eos big jim was no one 's fool ,  he owned the town 's only diamond mine eos he made his usual entrance lookin '  so dandy and so fine eos with his bodyguards and silver cane and every hair in place eos he took whatever he wanted to and he laid it all to waste eos but his bodyguards and silver cane were no match for the jack of hearts eos  eos rosemary combed her hair and took a carriage into town eos she slipped in through the side door lookin '  like a queen without a crown eos she fluttered her false eyelashes and whispered in his ear eos  ' sorry ,  darlin '  ,  that i 'm late ,  '  but he did n't seem to hear eos he was starin '  into space over at the jack of hearts eos  eos  ' i know i 've seen that face before ,  '  big jim was thinkin '  to himself eos  ' maybe down in mexico or a picture up on somebody 's shelf '  eos but then the crowd began to stamp their feet and the houselights did dim eos and in the darkness of the room there was only jim and him eos starin '  at the butterfly who just drew the jack of hearts eos  eos lily was a princess ,  she was fair - skinned and precious as a child eos she did whatever she had to do ,  she had that certain flash every time she    smiled eos she 'd come away from a broken home ,  had lots of strange affairs eos with men in every walk of life which took her everywhere eos but she 'd never met anyone quite like the jack of hearts eos  eos the hangin '  judge came in unnoticed and was being wined and dined eos the drillin '  in the wall kept up but no one seemed to pay it any mind eos it was known all around that lily had jim 's ring eos and nothing would ever come between lily and the king eos no ,  nothin '  ever would except maybe the jack of hearts eos  eos rosemary started drinkin '  hard and seein '  her reflection in the knife eos she was tired of the attention ,  tired of playin '  the role of big jim 's wife eos she had done a lot of bad things ,  even once tried suicide eos was lookin '  to do just one good deed before she died eos she was gazin '  to the future ,  riding on the jack of hearts eos  eos lily washed her face ,  took her dress off and buried it away eos  ' has your luck run out ?  '  she laughed at him ,   ' well ,  i guess you must eos have known it would someday eos be careful not to touch the wall ,  there 's a brand - new coat of paint eos i 'm glad to see you 're still alive ,  you 're lookin '  like a saint '  eos down the hallway footsteps were comin '  for the jack of hearts eos  eos the backstage manager was pacing all around by his chair eos  ' there 's something funny going on ,  '  he said ,   ' i can just feel it in the air '  eos he went to get the hangin '  judge ,  but the hangin '  judge was drunk eos as the leading actor hurried by in the costume of a monk eos there was no actor anywhere better than the jack of hearts eos  eos lily 's arms were locked around the man that she dearly loved to touch eos she forgot all about the man she could n't stand who hounded her so much eos  ' i 've missed you so ,  '  she said to him ,  and he felt she was sincere eos but just beyond the door he felt jealousy and fear eos just another night in the life of the jack of hearts eos  eos no one knew the circumstance but they say that it happened pretty quick eos the door to the dressing room burst open and a cold revolver clicked eos and big jim was standin '  there ,  ya could n't say surprised eos rosemary right beside him ,  steady in her eyes eos she was with big jim but she was leanin '  to the jack of hearts eos  eos two doors down the boys finally made it through the wall eos and cleaned out the bank safe ,  it 's said that they got off with quite a haul eos in the darkness by the riverbed they waited on the ground eos for one more member who had business back in town eos but they could n't go no further without the jack of hearts eos  eos the next day was hangin '  day ,  the sky was overcast and black eos big jim lay covered up ,  killed by a penknife in the back eos and rosemary on the gallows ,  she did n't even blink eos the hangin '  judge was sober ,  he had n't had a drink eos the only person on the scene missin '  was the jack of hearts eos  eos the cabaret was empty now ,  a sign said ,   ' closed for repair '  eos lily had already taken all of the dye out of her hair eos she was thinkin '   ' bout her father ,  who she very rarely saw eos thinkin '   ' bout rosemary and thinkin '  about the law eos but most of all she was thinkin '   ' bout the jack of heartsi forgot more than you 'll ever know about her .  eos  eos you think you know the smile on her lips eos the thrill and the touch of her fingertips eos but i forgot more than you 'll ever know about her .  eos  eos you think you 'll find heaven of bliss eos in each caress ,  in each tender kiss eos but i forgot more than you 'll ever know about her .  eos  eos you stole her love from me one day eos you did n't care ,  oh ,  it hurt me eos but you can never steal away memories of what used to be .  eos  eos you think she 's yours ,  to have and to hold eos someday you 'll learn ,  when her love grows cold eos but i forgot more than you 'll ever know about her . i woke in the mornin '  ,  wand ' rin '  eos wasted and worn out eos i woke in the mornin '  ,  wand ' rin '  eos wasted and worn out eos wishin '  my long - lost lover eos will walk to me ,  talk to me eos tell me what it 's all about eos  eos i was standin '  at the side road eos listenin '  to the billboard knock eos standin '  at the side road eos listenin '  to the billboard knock eos well ,  my wrist was empty eos but my nerves were kickin '  eos tickin '  like a clock eos  eos if i got anything you need ,  babe eos let me tell you in front eos if i got anything you need ,  babe eos let me tell you in front eos you can come to me sometime eos night time ,  day time eos any time you want eos  eos sometimes i 'm thinkin '  i 'm eos too high to fall eos sometimes i 'm thinkin '  i 'm eos too high to fall eos other times i 'm thinkin '  i 'm eos so low i do n't know eos if i can come up at all eos  eos black crows in the meadow eos across a broad highway eos black crows in the meadow eos across a broad highway eos though it 's funny ,  honey eos i just do n't feel much like a eos scarecrow todaythe woman that i love she got a hook in her nose eos her eyebrows meet ,  she wears second hand clothes eos she speaks with a stutter and she walks with a hop eos i do n't know why i love her but i just ca n't stop eos  eos you know i love her eos yeah i love her eos i 'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world eos  eos if i ever lose her i will go insane eos i go half crazy when she calls my name eos when she says babababababy i l - l - love you eos there ai n't nothing in the world that i would n't do eos  eos you know i love her eos yeah i love her eos i 'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world eos  eos the woman that i love she got two flat feet eos her knees knock together walking down the street eos she cracks her knuckles and she snores in bed eos she ai n't much to look at but like i said eos  eos you know i love her eos yeah i love her eos i 'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world eos  eos i do n't mean to say that she got nothing goin '  eos she got a weird sense of humor that 's all her own eos when i get low she sets me on my feet eos got a five inch smile but her breath is sweet eos  eos you know i love her eos yeah i love her eos i 'm in love with the ugliest girl in the world eos  eos the woman that i love she a got a prizefighter nose eos cauliflower ears and a run in her hose eos she speaks with a stutter and she walks with a hop eos i do n't know why i love her but i just ca n't stophigh water risin ' —risin '  night and day eos all the gold and silver are bein '  stolen away eos big joe turner lookin '  east and west eos from the dark room of his mind eos he made it to kansas city eos twelfth street and vine eos nothin '  standing there eos high water everywhere eos  eos high water risin '  ,  the shacks are slidin '  down eos folks lose their possessions—folks are leaving town eos bertha mason shook it—broke it eos then she hung it on a wall eos says ,   ' you 're dancin '  with whom they tell you to eos or you do n't dance at all '  eos it 's tough out there eos high water everywhere eos  eos i got a cravin '  love for blazing speed eos got a hopped - up mustang ford eos jump into the wagon ,  love ,  throw your panties on the board eos i can write you poems ,  make a strong man lose his mind eos i 'm no pig without a wig eos i hope you treat me kind eos things are breakin '  up out there eos high water everywhere eos  eos high water risin '  ,  six inches  ' bove my head eos coffins droppin '  in the street eos like balloons made out of lead eos water pourin '  into vicksburg ,  do n't know what i 'm goin '  to do eos  ' do n't reach out for me ,  '  she said eos  ' ca n't you see i 'm drownin '  too ?  '  eos it 's rough out there eos high water everywhere eos  eos well ,  george lewis told the englishman ,  the italian and the jew eos  ' you ca n't open your mind ,  boys eos to every conceivable point of view '  eos they got charles darwin trapped out there on highway five eos judge says to the high sheriff ,  eos  ' i want him dead or alive eos either one ,  i do n't care '  eos high water everywhere eos  eos the cuckoo is a pretty bird ,  she warbles as she flies eos i 'm preachin '  the word of god eos i 'm puttin '  out your eyes eos i asked fat nancy for somethin '  to eat ,  she said ,   ' take it off the shelf— eos as great as you are a man eos you 'll never be greater than yourself '  eos i told her i did n't really care eos high water everywhere eos  eos i 'm gettin '  up in the morning—i believe i 'll dust my broom eos keeping away from the women eos i 'm givin '   ' em lots of room eos thunder rolling over clarkesdale ,  everything is looking blue eos i just ca n't be happy ,  love eos unless you 're happy too eos it 's bad out there eos high water everywherein death ,  you face life with a child and a wife eos who sleep - walks through your dreams into walls eos you 're a soldier of mercy ,  you 're cold and you curse eos  ' he who cannot be trusted must fall '  eos  eos loneliness ,  tenderness ,  high society ,  notoriety eos you fight for the throne and you travel alone eos unknown as you slowly sink eos and there 's no time to think eos  eos in the federal city you been blown and shown pity eos in secret ,  for pieces of change eos the empress attracts you but oppression distracts you eos and it makes you feel violent and strange eos  eos memory ,  ecstasy ,  tyranny ,  hypocrisy eos betrayed by a kiss on a cool night of bliss eos in the valley of the missing link eos and you have no time to think eos  eos judges will haunt you ,  the country priestess will want you eos her worst is better than best eos i 've seen all these decoys through a set of deep turquoise eyes eos and i feel so depressed eos  eos china doll ,  alcohol ,  duality ,  mortality eos mercury rules you and destiny fools you eos like the plague ,  with a dangerous wink eos and there 's no time to think eos  eos your conscience betrayed you when some tyrant waylaid you eos where the lion lies down with the lamb eos i 'd have paid off the traitor and killed him much later eos but that 's just the way that i am eos  eos paradise ,  sacrifice ,  mortality ,  reality eos but the magician is quicker and his game eos is much thicker than blood and blacker than ink eos and there 's no time to think eos  eos anger and jealousy 's all that he sells us eos he 's content when you 're under his thumb eos madmen oppose him ,  but your kindness throws him eos to survive it you play deaf and dumb eos  eos equality ,  liberty ,  humility ,  simplicity eos you glance through the mirror and there 's eyes staring clear eos at the back of your head as you drink eos and there 's no time to think eos  eos warlords of sorrow and queens of tomorrow eos will offer their heads for a prayer eos you ca n't find no salvation ,  you have no expectations eos anytime ,  anyplace ,  anywhere eos  eos mercury ,  gravity ,  nobility ,  humility eos you know you ca n't keep her and the water gets deeper eos that is leading you onto the brink eos but there 's no time to think eos  eos you 've murdered your vanity ,  buried your sanity eos for pleasure you must now resist eos lovers obey you but they cannot sway you eos they 're not even sure you exist eos  eos socialism ,  hypnotism ,  patriotism ,  materialism eos fools making laws for the breaking of jaws eos and the sound of the keys as they clink eos but there 's no time to think eos  eos the bridge that you travel on goes to the babylon girl eos with the rose in her hair eos starlight in the east and you 're finally released eos you 're stranded but with nothing to share eos  eos loyalty ,  unity ,  epitome ,  rigidity eos you turn around for one real last glimpse of camille eos  ' neath the moon shinin '  bloody and pink eos and there 's no time to think eos  eos bullets can harm you and death can disarm you eos but no ,  you will not be deceived eos stripped of all virtue as you crawl through the dirt eos you can give but you cannot receive eos  eos no time to choose when the truth must die eos no time to lose or say goodbye eos no time to prepare for the victim that 's there eos no time to suffer or blink eos and no time to thinkyou may be an ambassador to england or france eos you may like to gamble ,  you might like to dance eos you may be the heavyweight champion of the world eos you may be a socialite with a long string of pearls eos  eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos  eos you might be a rock  ' n '  roll addict prancing on the stage eos you might have drugs at your command ,  women in a cage eos you may be a businessman or some high - degree thief eos they may call you doctor or they may call you chief eos  eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos  eos you may be a state trooper ,  you might be a young turk eos you may be the head of some big tv network eos you may be rich or poor ,  you may be blind or lame eos you may be living in another country under another name eos  eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos  eos you may be a construction worker working on a home eos you may be living in a mansion or you might live in a dome eos you might own guns and you might even own tanks eos you might be somebody 's landlord ,  you might even own banks eos  eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos  eos you may be a preacher with your spiritual pride eos you may be a city councilman taking bribes on the side eos you may be workin '  in a barbershop ,  you may know how to cut hair eos you may be somebody 's mistress ,  may be somebody 's heir eos  eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos  eos might like to wear cotton ,  might like to wear silk eos might like to drink whiskey ,  might like to drink milk eos you might like to eat caviar ,  you might like to eat bread eos you may be sleeping on the floor ,  sleeping in a king - sized bed eos  eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos  eos you may call me terry ,  you may call me timmy eos you may call me bobby ,  you may call me zimmy eos you may call me r . j .  ,  you may call me ray eos you may call me anything but no matter what you say eos  eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody ,  yes indeed eos you 're gonna have to serve somebody eos well ,  it may be the devil or it may be the lord eos but you 're gonna have to serve somebodyi was thinking of a series of dreams eos where nothing comes up to the top eos everything stays down where it 's wounded eos and comes to a permanent stop eos was n't thinking of anything specific eos like in a dream ,  when someone wakes up and screams eos nothing too very scientific eos just thinking of a series of dreams eos  eos thinking of a series of dreams eos where the time and the tempo fly eos and there 's no exit in any direction eos  ' cept the one that you ca n't see with your eyes eos was n't making any great connection eos was n't falling for any intricate scheme eos nothing that would pass inspection eos just thinking of a series of dreams eos  eos dreams where the umbrella is folded eos into the path you are hurled eos and the cards are no good that you 're holding eos unless they 're from another world eos  eos in one ,  numbers were burning eos in another ,  i witnessed a crime eos in one ,  i was running ,  and in another eos all i seemed to be doing was climb eos was n't looking for any special assistance eos not going to any great extremes eos i 'd already gone the distance eos just thinking of a series of dreams ' twas down in mississippi not so long ago eos when a young boy from chicago town stepped through a southern door eos this boy 's dreadful tragedy i can still remember well eos the color of his skin was black and his name was emmett till eos  eos some men they dragged him to a barn and there they beat him up eos they said they had a reason ,  but i ca n't remember what eos they tortured him and did some things too evil to repeat eos there were screaming sounds inside the barn ,  there was laughing sounds eos      out on the street eos  eos then they rolled his body down a gulf amidst a bloody red rain eos and they threw him in the waters wide to cease his screaming pain eos the reason that they killed him there ,  and i 'm sure it ai n't no lie eos was just for the fun of killin '  him and to watch him slowly die eos  eos and then to stop the united states of yelling for a trial eos two brothers they confessed that they had killed poor emmett till eos but on the jury there were men who helped the brothers commit this eos      awful crime eos and so this trial was a mockery ,  but nobody seemed to mind eos  eos i saw the morning papers but i could not bear to see eos the smiling brothers walkin '  down the courthouse stairs eos for the jury found them innocent and the brothers they went free eos while emmett 's body floats the foam of a jim crow southern sea eos  eos if you ca n't speak out against this kind of thing ,  a crime that 's so unjust eos your eyes are filled with dead men 's dirt ,  your mind is filled with dust eos your arms and legs they must be in shackles and chains ,  and your blood    eos      it must refuse to flow eos for you let this human race fall down so god - awful low !  eos  eos this song is just a reminder to remind your fellow man eos that this kind of thing still lives today in that ghost - robed ku klux klan eos but if all of us folks that thinks alike ,  if we gave all we could give eos we could make this great land of ours a greater place to liveyes ,  the gal i got eos i swear she 's the screaming end eos she wants me to be a hero eos so she can tell all her friends eos  eos well ,  she begged ,  she cried eos she pleaded with me all last night eos well ,  she begged ,  she cried eos she pleaded with me all last night eos she wants me to go out eos and find somebody to fight eos  eos she reads too many books eos she got new movies inside her head eos she reads too many books eos she got movies inside her head eos she wants me to walk out running eos she wants me to crawl back dead eos  eos you need a different kinda man ,  babe eos one that can grab and hold your heart eos need a different kind of man ,  babe eos one that can hold and grab your heart eos you need a different kind of man ,  babe eos you need napoleon boneeparte eos  eos well ,  when i 'm dead eos no more good times will i crave eos when i 'm dead eos no more good times will i crave eos you can stand and shout hero eos all over my lonesome gravefather of night ,  father of day eos father ,  who taketh the darkness away eos father ,  who teacheth the bird to fly eos builder of rainbows up in the sky eos father of loneliness and pain eos father of love and father of rain eos  eos father of day ,  father of night eos father of black ,  father of white eos father ,  who build the mountain so high eos who shapeth the cloud up in the sky eos father of time ,  father of dreams eos father ,  who turneth the rivers and streams eos  eos father of grain ,  father of wheat eos father of cold and father of heat eos father of air and father of trees eos who dwells in our hearts and our memories eos father of minutes ,  father of days eos father of whom we most solemnly praisewhen the rain is blowing in your face eos and the whole world is on your case eos i could offer you a warm embrace eos to make you feel my love eos  eos when the evening shadows and the stars appear eos and there is no one there to dry your tears eos i could hold you for a million years eos to make you feel my love eos  eos i know you have n't made your mind up yet eos but i would never do you wrong eos i 've known it from the moment that we met eos no doubt in my mind where you belong eos  eos i 'd go hungry ,  i 'd go black and blue eos i 'd go crawling down the avenue eos there 's nothing that i would n't do eos to make you feel my love eos  eos the storms are raging on the rollin '  sea eos and on the highway of regret eos the winds of change are blowing wild and free eos you ai n't seen nothing like me yet eos  eos i could make you happy ,  make your dreams come true eos nothing that i would n't do eos go to the ends of the earth for you eos to make you feel my loveinstrumentalthunder on the mountain ,  fires on the moon eos there 's a ruckus in the alley and the sun will be here soon eos today 's the day ,  gonna grab my trombone and blow eos well ,  there 's hot stuff here and it 's everywhere i go  eos  eos i was thinkin '   ' bout alicia keys ,  could n't keep from crying eos when she was born in hell 's kitchen ,  i was living down the line eos i 'm wondering where in the world alicia keys could be eos i been looking for her even clear through tennessee  eos  eos feel like my soul is beginning to expand eos look into my heart and you will sort of understand eos you brought me here ,  now you 're trying to run me away eos the writing 's on the wall ,  come read it ,  come see what it say  eos  eos thunder on the mountain ,  rolling like a drum eos gonna sleep over there ,  that 's where the music coming from eos i do n't need any guide ,  i already know the way eos remember this ,  i 'm your servant both night and day  eos  eos the pistols are poppin '  and the power is down eos i 'd like to try somethin '  but i 'm so far from town eos the sun keeps shinin '  and the north wind keeps picking up speed eos gonna forget about myself for a while ,  gonna go out and see what others need  eos  eos i 've been sitting down studying the art of love eos i think it will fit me like a glove eos i want some real good woman to do just what i say eos everybody got to wonder what 's the matter with this cruel world today  eos  eos thunder on the mountain rolling to the ground eos gonna get up in the morning walk the hard road down eos some sweet day i 'll stand beside my king eos i would n't betray your love or any other thing  eos  eos gonna raise me an army ,  some tough sons of bitches eos i 'll recruit my army from the orphanages eos i been to st .  herman 's church and i 've said my religious vows eos i 've sucked the milk out of a thousand cows  eos  eos i got the porkchops ,  she got the pie eos she ai n't no angel and neither am i eos shame on your greed ,  shame on your wicked schemes eos i 'll say this ,  i do n't give a damn about your dreams  eos  eos thunder on the mountain heavy as can be eos mean old twister bearing down on me eos all the ladies of washington scrambling to get out of town eos looks like something bad gonna happen ,  better roll your airplane down  eos  eos everybody 's going and i want to go too eos do n't wanna take a chance with somebody new eos i did all i could and i did it right there and then eos i 've already confessed – no need to confess again  eos  eos gonna make a lot of money ,  gonna go up north eos i 'll plant and i 'll harvest what the earth brings forth eos the hammer 's on the table ,  the pitchfork 's on the shelf eos for the love of god ,  you ought to take pity on yourselfhe sits in your room ,  his tomb ,  with a fist full of tacks eos preoccupied with his vengeance eos cursing the dead that ca n't answer him back eos i 'm sure that he has no intentions eos of looking your way ,  unless it 's to say eos that he needs you to test his inventions eos  eos can you please crawl out your window ?  eos use your arms and legs it wo n't ruin you eos how can you say he will haunt you ?  eos you can go back to him any time you want to eos  eos he looks so truthful ,  is this how he feels eos trying to peel the moon and expose it eos with his businesslike anger and his bloodhounds that kneel eos if he needs a third eye he just grows it eos he just needs you to talk or to hand him his chalk eos or pick it up after he throws it eos  eos can you please crawl out your window ?  eos use your arms and legs it wo n't ruin you eos how can you say he will haunt you ?  eos you can go back to him any time you want to eos  eos why does he look so righteous while your face is so changed eos are you frightened of the box you keep him in eos while his genocide fools and his friends rearrange eos their religion of the little tin women eos that backs up their views but your face is so bruised eos come on out the dark is beginning eos  eos can you please crawl out your window ?  eos use your arms and legs it wo n't ruin you eos how can you say he will haunt you ?  eos you can go back to him any time you want toai n't it just like the night to play tricks when you 're tryin '  to be so quiet ?  eos we sit here stranded ,  though we 're all doin '  our best to deny it eos and louise holds a handful of rain ,  temptin '  you to defy it eos lights flicker from the opposite loft eos in this room the heat pipes just cough eos the country music station plays soft eos but there 's nothing ,  really nothing to turn off eos just louise and her lover so entwined eos and these visions of johanna that conquer my mind eos  eos in the empty lot where the ladies play blindman 's bluff with the key chain eos and the all - night girls they whisper of escapades out on the  ' d '  train eos we can hear the night watchman click his flashlight eos ask himself if it 's him or them that 's really insane eos louise ,  she 's all right ,  she 's just near eos she 's delicate and seems like the mirror eos but she just makes it all too concise and too clear eos that johanna 's not here eos the ghost of  ' lectricity howls in the bones of her face eos where these visions of johanna have now taken my place eos  eos now ,  little boy lost ,  he takes himself so seriously eos he brags of his misery ,  he likes to live dangerously eos and when bringing her name up eos he speaks of a farewell kiss to me eos he 's sure got a lotta gall to be so useless and all eos muttering small talk at the wall while i 'm in the hall eos how can i explain ?  eos oh ,  it 's so hard to get on eos and these visions of johanna ,  they kept me up past the dawn eos  eos inside the museums ,  infinity goes up on trial eos voices echo this is what salvation must be like after a while eos but mona lisa musta had the highway blues eos you can tell by the way she smiles eos see the primitive wallflower freeze eos when the jelly - faced women all sneeze eos hear the one with the mustache say ,   ' jeeze eos i ca n't find my knees '  eos oh ,  jewels and binoculars hang from the head of the mule eos but these visions of johanna ,  they make it all seem so cruel eos  eos the peddler now speaks to the countess who 's pretending to care for him eos sayin '  ,   ' name me someone that 's not a parasite and i 'll go out and say a prayer for him '  eos but like louise always says eos  ' ya ca n't look at much ,  can ya man ?  '  eos as she ,  herself ,  prepares for him eos and madonna ,  she still has not showed eos we see this empty cage now corrode eos where her cape of the stage once had flowed eos the fiddler ,  he now steps to the road eos he writes ev ' rything 's been returned which was owed eos on the back of the fish truck that loads eos while my conscience explodes eos the harmonicas play the skeleton keys and the rain eos and these visions of johanna are now all that remaininstrumentalwell ,  in my time of dying do n't want nobody to mourn eos all i want for you to do is take my body home eos well ,  well ,  well ,  so i can die easy eos well ,  well ,  well eos well ,  well ,  well ,  so i can die easy eos jesus gonna make up ,  jesus gonna make up eos jesus gonna make up my dying bed eos  eos well ,  meet me jesus ,  meet me ,  meet me eos in the middle of the air eos if these wings should fail to me eos lord ,  wo n't you meet me with another pair eos well ,  well ,  well ,  so i can die easy eos well ,  well ,  well eos well ,  well ,  well ,  so i can die easy eos jesus gonna make up ,  jesus gonna make up eos jesus gonna make up my dying bed eos  eos lord ,  in my time of dying do n't want nobody to cry eos all i want you to do is take me when i die eos well ,  well ,  well ,  so i can die easy eos well ,  well ,  well eos well ,  well ,  well ,  so i can die easy eos jesus gonna make up ,  jesus gonna make up eos jesus gonna make up my dying bedgypsy gal ,  the hands of harlem eos cannot hold you to its heat eos your temperature 's too hot for taming eos your flaming feet burn up the street eos i am homeless ,  come and take me eos into reach of your rattling drums eos let me know ,  babe ,  about my fortune eos down along my restless palms eos  eos gypsy gal ,  you got me swallowed eos i have fallen far beneath eos your pearly eyes ,  so fast an '  slashing eos an '  your flashing diamond teeth eos the night is pitch black ,  come an '  make my eos pale face fit into place ,  ah ,  please !  eos let me know ,  babe ,  i 'm nearly drowning eos if it 's you my lifelines trace eos  eos i been wond ' rin '  all about me eos ever since i seen you there eos on the cliffs of your wildcat charms i 'm riding eos i know i 'm  ' round you but i do n't know where eos you have slayed me ,  you have made me eos i got to laugh halfways off my heels eos i got to know ,  babe ,  will you surround me ?  eos so i can tell if i 'm really realtrails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos i shall walk eos  eos the trail is dusty eos and my road it might be rough eos but the better roads are waiting eos and boys it ai n't far off eos  eos trails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos we shall walk eos  eos i walked down by the river eos i turned my head up high eos i saw that silver linin '  eos that was hangin '  in the sky eos  eos trails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos we shall walk eos  eos the evenin '  dusk was rollin '  eos i was walking down the track eos there was a one - way wind a - blowin '  eos and it was blowin '  at my back eos  eos trails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos we shall walk eos  eos the gravel road is bumpy eos it 's a hard road to ride eos but there 's a clearer road a - waitin '  eos with the cinders on the side eos  eos trails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos we shall walk eos  eos that evening train was rollin '  eos the hummin '  of its wheels eos my eyes they saw a better day eos as i looked across the fields eos  eos trails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos we shall walk eos  eos the trail is dusty eos the road it might be rough eos but the good road is a - waitin '  eos and boys it ai n't far off eos  eos trails of troubles eos roads of battles eos paths of victory eos we shall walkmeet me in the morning ,  56th and wabasha eos meet me in the morning ,  56th and wabasha eos honey ,  we could be in kansas eos by time the snow begins to thaw eos  eos they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn eos they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn eos but you would n't know it by me eos every day 's been darkness since you been gone eos  eos little rooster crowin '  ,  there must be something on his mind eos little rooster crowin '  ,  there must be something on his mind eos well ,  i feel just like that rooster eos honey ,  ya treat me so unkind eos  eos the birds are flyin '  low babe ,  honey i feel so exposed eos well ,  the birds are flyin '  low babe ,  honey i feel so exposed eos well now ,  i ai n't got any matches eos and the station doors are closed eos  eos well ,  i struggled through barbed wire ,  felt the hail fall from above eos well ,  i struggled through barbed wire ,  felt the hail fall from above eos well ,  you know i even outran the hound dogs eos honey ,  you know i 've earned your love eos  eos look at the sun sinkin '  like a ship eos look at the sun sinkin '  like a ship eos ai n't that just like my heart ,  babe eos when you kissed my lips ? i got to see you baby ,  i do n't care eos it may be someplace ,  baby ,  you say where eos  eos i had a dream about you ,  baby eos had a dream about you ,  baby eos late last night you come a - rollin '  across my mind eos  eos you got the crazy rhythm when you walk eos you make me nervous when you start to talk eos  eos i had a dream about you ,  baby eos had a dream about you ,  baby eos late last night you come a - rollin '  across my mind eos  eos standin '  on the highway ,  you flag me down eos said ,  take me daddy ,  to the nearest town eos  eos i had a dream about you ,  baby eos had a dream about you ,  baby eos late last night you come a - rollin '  across my mind eos  eos the joint is jumpin '  eos it 's really somethin '  eos the beat is pumpin '  eos my heart is thumpin '  eos spent my money on you honey eos my limbs are shakin '  eos my heart is breakin '  eos  eos you kiss me ,  baby ,  in the coffee shop eos you make me nervous ,  you gotta stop eos  eos i had a dream about you ,  baby eos had a dream about you ,  baby eos late last night you come a - rollin '  across my mind eos  eos you got a rag wrapped around your head eos wearing a long dress fire engine red eos  eos i had a dream about you ,  baby eos had a dream about you ,  baby eos late last night you come a - rollin '  across my mindi like to spend some time in mozambique eos the sunny sky is aqua blue eos and all the couples dancing cheek to cheek eos it 's very nice to stay a week or two eos  eos there 's lot of pretty girls in mozambique eos and plenty time for good romance eos and everybody likes to stop and speak eos to give the special one you seek a chance eos or maybe say hello with just a glance eos  eos lying next to her by the ocean eos reaching out and touching her hand eos whispering your secret emotion eos magic in a magical land eos  eos and when it 's time for leaving mozambique eos to say goodbye to sand and sea eos you turn around to take a final peek eos and you see why it 's so unique to be eos among the lovely people living free eos upon the beach of sunny mozambiquei did n't know that you 'd be leavin '  eos or who you thought you were talkin '  to eos i figure maybe we 're even eos or maybe i 'm one up on you eos  eos i send you all my money eos just like i did before eos i tried to reach you honey eos but you 're driftin '  too far from shore eos  eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos  eos i ai n't gonna get lost in this current eos i do n't like playing cat and mouse eos no gentleman likes making love to a servant eos especially when he 's in his father 's house eos  eos i never could guess your weight ,  baby eos never needed to call you my whore eos i always thought you were straight ,  baby eos but you 're driftin '  too far from shore eos  eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos  eos well these times and these tunnels are haunted eos the bottom of the barrel is too eos i waited years sometimes for what i wanted eos everybody ca n't be as lucky as you eos  eos never no more do i wonder eos why you do n't never play with me anymore eos at any moment you could go under eos  ' cause you 're driftin '  too far from shore eos  eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos driftin '  too far from shore eos  eos you and me we had completeness eos i give you all of what i could provide eos we were n't on the wrong side ,  sweetness eos we were the wrong side eos  eos i 've already ripped out the phones ,  honey eos you ca n't walk the streets in a war eos i can finish this alone honey eos you 're driftin '  too far from shoreif today was not an endless highway eos if tonight was not a crooked trail eos if tomorrow was n't such a long time eos then lonesome would mean nothing to you at all eos yes ,  and only if my own true love was waitin '  eos yes ,  and if i could hear her heart a - softly poundin '  eos only if she was lyin '  by me eos then i 'd lie in my bed once again eos  eos i ca n't see my reflection in the waters eos i ca n't speak the sounds that show no pain eos i ca n't hear the echo of my footsteps eos or ca n't remember the sound of my own name eos yes ,  and only if my own true love was waitin '  eos yes ,  and if i could hear her heart a - softly poundin '  eos only if she was lyin '  by me eos then i 'd lie in my bed once again eos  eos there 's beauty in the silver ,  singin '  river eos there 's beauty in the sunrise in the sky eos but none of these and nothing else can touch the beauty eos that i remember in my true love 's eyes eos yes ,  and only if my own true love was waitin '  eos yes ,  and if i could hear her heart a - softly poundin '  eos only if she was lyin '  by me eos then i 'd lie in my bed once againif you getcha one girl ,  better get two eos case you run into gypsy lou eos she 's a ramblin '  woman with a ramblin '  mind eos always leavin '  somebody behind eos hey ,   ' round the bend eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos  eos well ,  i seen the whole country through eos just to find gypsy lou eos seen it up ,  seen it down eos followin '  gypsy lou around eos hey ,   ' round the bend eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos  eos well ,  i gotta stop and take some rest eos my poor feet are second best eos my poor feet are wearin '  thin eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos hey ,  gone again eos gypsy lou 's  ' round the bend eos gypsy lou 's  ' round the bend eos  eos well ,  seen her up in old cheyenne eos turned my head and away she ran eos from denver town to wichita eos last i heard she 's in arkansas eos hey ,   ' round the bend eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos  eos well ,  i tell you what if you want to do eos tell you what ,  you 'll wear out your shoes eos if you want to wear out your shoes eos try and follow gypsy lou eos hey ,  gone again eos gypsy lou 's  ' round the bend eos gypsy lou 's  ' round the bend eos  eos well ,  gypsy lou ,  i been told eos livin '  down on gallus road eos gallus road ,  arlington eos moved away to washington eos hey ,   ' round the bend eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos  eos well ,  i went down to washington eos then she went to oregon eos i skipped the ground and hopped a train eos she 's back in gallus road again eos hey ,  i ca n't win eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos  eos well ,  the last i heard of gypsy lou eos she 's in a memphis calaboose eos she left one too many a boy behind eos he committed suicide eos hey ,  you ca n't win eos gypsy lou 's gone again eos gypsy lou 's gone againtime passes slowly up here in the mountains eos we sit beside bridges and walk beside fountains eos catch the wild fishes that float through the stream eos time passes slowly when you 're lost in a dream eos  eos once i had a sweetheart ,  she was fine and good - lookin '  eos we sat in her kitchen while her mama was cookin '  eos stared out the window to the stars high above eos time passes slowly when you 're searchin '  for love eos  eos ai n't no reason to go in a wagon to town eos ai n't no reason to go to the fair eos ai n't no reason to go up ,  ai n't no reason to go down eos ai n't no reason to go anywhere eos  eos time passes slowly up here in the daylight eos we stare straight ahead and try so hard to stay right eos like the red rose of summer that blooms in the day eos time passes slowly and fades awaywell ,  if you 're travelin '  in the north country fair eos where the winds hit heavy on the borderline eos remember me to one who lives there eos she once was a true love of mine eos  eos well ,  if you go when the snowflakes storm eos when the rivers freeze and summer ends eos please see if she 's wearing a coat so warm eos to keep her from the howlin '  winds eos  eos please see for me if her hair hangs long ,  eos if it rolls and flows all down her breast .  eos please see for me if her hair hangs long ,  eos that 's the way i remember her best .  eos  eos i 'm a - wonderin '  if she remembers me at all eos many times i 've often prayed eos in the darkness of my night eos in the brightness of my day eos  eos so if you 're travelin '  in the north country fair eos where the winds hit heavy on the borderline eos remember me to one who lives there eos she once was a true love of minemary wore three links of chain  eos every link was jesus name eos keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on eos oh lord ,  oh lord ,  keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on .  eos  eos mary ,  mark ,  luke and john  eos all these prophets so good and gone eos keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on eos oh lord ,  oh lord ,  keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on . v  eos well ,  i never been to heaven  eos but i 've been told streets up there  eos are lined with gold eos keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on eos oh lord ,  oh lord ,  keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on .  eos oh lord ,  oh lord ,  keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on .  eos oh lord ,  oh lord ,  keep your hand on that plow ,  hold on . standing on the waters casting your bread eos while the eyes of the idol with the iron head are glowing eos distant ships sailing into the mist eos you were born with a snake in both of your fists while a hurricane was blowing eos freedom just around the corner for you eos but with the truth so far off ,  what good will it do ?  eos  eos jokerman dance to the nightingale tune eos bird fly high by the light of the moon eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  jokerman eos  eos so swiftly the sun sets in the sky eos you rise up and say goodbye to no one eos fools rush in where angels fear to tread eos both of their futures ,  so full of dread ,  you do n't show one eos shedding off one more layer of skin eos keeping one step ahead of the persecutor within eos  eos jokerman dance to the nightingale tune eos bird fly high by the light of the moon eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  jokerman eos  eos you 're a man of the mountains ,  you can walk on the clouds eos manipulator of crowds ,  you 're a dream twister eos you 're going to sodom and gomorrah eos but what do you care ?  ai n't nobody there would want to marry your sister eos friend to the martyr ,  a friend to the woman of shame eos you look into the fiery furnace ,  see the rich man without any name eos  eos jokerman dance to the nightingale tune eos bird fly high by the light of the moon eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  jokerman eos  eos well ,  the book of leviticus and deuteronomy eos the law of the jungle and the sea are your only teachers eos in the smoke of the twilight on a milk - white steed eos michelangelo indeed could 've carved out your features eos resting in the fields ,  far from the turbulent space eos half asleep near the stars with a small dog licking your face eos  eos jokerman dance to the nightingale tune eos bird fly high by the light of the moon eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  jokerman eos  eos well ,  the rifleman 's stalking the sick and the lame eos preacherman seeks the same ,  who 'll get there first is uncertain eos nightsticks and water cannons ,  tear gas ,  padlocks eos molotov cocktails and rocks behind every curtain eos false - hearted judges dying in the webs that they spin eos only a matter of time  ' til night comes steppin '  in eos  eos jokerman dance to the nightingale tune eos bird fly high by the light of the moon eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  jokerman eos  eos it 's a shadowy world ,  skies are slippery grey eos a woman just gave birth to a prince today and dressed him in scarlet eos he 'll put the priest in his pocket ,  put the blade to the heat eos take the motherless children off the street  eos and place them at the feet of a harlot eos oh ,  jokerman ,  you know what he wants eos oh ,  jokerman ,  you do n't show any response eos  eos jokerman dance to the nightingale tune eos bird fly high by the light of the moon eos oh ,  oh ,  oh ,  jokermannow ,  there 's a certain thing eos that i learned from jim eos that he 'd always make sure i 'd understand eos and that is that there 's a certain way eos that a man must swim eos if he expects to live off eos of the fat of the land eos open the door ,  homer eos i 've heard it said before eos open the door ,  homer eos i 've heard it said before eos but i ai n't gonna hear it said no more eos  eos now ,  there 's a certain thing eos that i learned from my friend ,  mouse eos a fella who always blushes eos and that is that ev ' ryone eos must always flush out his house eos if he do n't expect to be eos goin '   ' round housing flushes eos open the door ,  homer eos i 've heard it said before eos open the door ,  homer eos i 've heard it said before eos but i ai n't gonna hear it said no more eos  eos  ' take care of all your memories '  eos said my friend ,  mick eos  ' for you cannot relive them eos and remember when you 're out there eos tryin '  to heal the sick eos that you must always eos first forgive them '  eos open the door ,  homer eos i 've heard it said before eos open the door ,  homer eos i 've heard it said before eos but i ai n't gonna hear it said no moreinstrumentallay ,  lady ,  lay ,  lay across my big brass bed eos lay ,  lady ,  lay ,  lay across my big brass bed eos whatever colors you have in your mind eos i 'll show them to you and you 'll see them shine eos  eos lay ,  lady ,  lay ,  lay across my big brass bed eos stay ,  lady ,  stay ,  stay with your man awhile eos until the break of day ,  let me see you make him smile eos his clothes are dirty but his hands are clean eos and you 're the best thing that he 's ever seen eos  eos stay ,  lady ,  stay ,  stay with your man awhile eos why wait any longer for the world to begin eos you can have your cake and eat it too eos why wait any longer for the one you love eos when he 's standing in front of you eos  eos lay ,  lady ,  lay ,  lay across my big brass bed eos stay ,  lady ,  stay ,  stay while the night is still ahead eos i long to see you in the morning light eos i long to reach for you in the night eos stay ,  lady ,  stay ,  stay while the night is still aheadnothing was delivered eos and i tell this truth to you eos not out of spite or anger eos but simply because it 's true eos now ,  i hope you wo n't object to this eos giving back all of what you owe eos the fewer words you have to waste on this eos the sooner you can go eos  eos nothing is better ,  nothing is best eos take heed of this and get plenty of rest eos  eos nothing was delivered eos but i ca n't say i sympathize eos with what your fate is going to be eos yes ,  for telling all those lies eos now you must provide some answers eos for what you sell has not been received eos and the sooner you come up with them eos the sooner you can leave eos  eos nothing is better ,  nothing is best eos take heed of this and get plenty rest eos  eos  ( now you know )  eos nothing was delivered eos and it 's up to you to say eos just what you had in mind eos when you made ev ' rybody pay eos no ,  nothing was delivered eos yes ,   ' n '  someone must explain eos that as long as it takes to do this eos then that 's how long that you 'll remain eos  eos nothing is better ,  nothing is best eos take heed of this and get plenty restwell ,  today has been a sad ol '  lonesome day eos yeah ,  today has been a sad ol '  lonesome day eos i 'm just sittin '  here thinking eos with my mind a million miles away eos  eos well ,  they 're doing the double shuffle ,  throwin '  sand on the floor eos they 're doing the double shuffle ,  they 're throwin '  sand on the floor eos when i left my long - time darlin '  eos she was standing in the door eos  eos well ,  my pa he died and left me ,  my brother got killed in the war eos well ,  my pa he died and left me ,  my brother got killed in the war eos my sister ,  she ran off and got married eos never was heard of any more eos  eos samantha brown lived in my house for about four or five months eos samantha brown lived in my house for about four or five months eos do n't know how it looked to other people eos i never slept with her even once eos  eos well ,  the road 's washed out—weather not fit for man or beast eos yeah the road 's washed out—weather not fit for man or beast eos funny ,  how the things you have the hardest time parting with eos are the things you need the least eos  eos i 'm forty miles from the mill—i 'm droppin '  it into overdrive eos i 'm forty miles from the mill—i 'm droppin '  it into overdrive eos settin '  my dial on the radio eos i wish my mother was still alive eos  eos i see your lover - man comin ' —comin '   ' cross the barren field eos i see your lover - man comin ' —comin '   ' cross the barren field eos he 's not a gentleman at all—he 's rotten to the core eos he 's a coward and he steals eos  eos well my captain he 's decorated—he 's well schooled and he 's skilled eos my captain ,  he 's decorated—he 's well schooled and he 's skilled eos he 's not sentimental—do n't bother him at all eos how many of his pals have been killed eos  eos last night the wind was whisperin '  ,  i was trying to make out what it was eos last night the wind was whisperin '  somethin ' —i was trying to make out what it was eos i tell myself something 's comin '  eos but it never does eos  eos i 'm gonna spare the defeated—i 'm gonna speak to the crowd eos i 'm gonna spare the defeated ,  boys ,  i 'm going to speak to the crowd eos i am goin '  to teach peace to the conquered eos i 'm gonna tame the proud eos  eos well the leaves are rustlin '  in the wood—things are fallin '  off of the shelf eos leaves are rustlin '  in the wood—things are fallin '  off the shelf eos you gonna need my help ,  sweetheart eos you ca n't make love all by yourselfring them bells ,  ye heathen eos from the city that dreams eos ring them bells from the sanctuaries eos  ' cross the valleys and streams eos for they 're deep and they 're wide eos and the world 's on its side eos and time is running backwards eos and so is the bride eos  eos ring them bells st .  peter eos where the four winds blow eos ring them bells with an iron hand eos so the people will know eos oh it 's rush hour now eos on the wheel and the plow eos and the sun is going down eos upon the sacred cow eos  eos ring them bells sweet martha eos for the poor man 's son eos ring them bells so the world will know eos that god is one eos oh the shepherd is asleep eos where the willows weep eos and the mountains are filled eos with lost sheep eos  eos ring them bells for the blind and the deaf eos ring them bells for all of us who are left eos ring them bells for the chosen few eos who will judge the many when the game is through eos ring them bells ,  for the time that flies eos for the child that cries eos when innocence dies eos  eos ring them bells st .  catherine eos from the top of the room eos ring them from the fortress eos for the lilies that bloom eos oh the lines are long eos and the fighting is strong eos and they 're breaking down the distance eos between right and wrongi paid fifteen million dollars ,  twelve hundred and seventy - two cents eos i paid one thousand two hundred twenty - seven dollars and fifty - five cents eos see my hound dog bite a rabbit eos and my football 's sittin '  on a barbed - wire fence eos  eos well ,  my temperature rises and my feet do n't walk so fast eos yes ,  my temperature rises and my feet do n't walk so fast eos well ,  this arabian doctor came in ,  gave me a shot eos but would n't tell me if what i had would last eos  eos well ,  this woman i 've got ,  she 's filling me with her drive eos yes ,  this woman i 've got ,  she 's thrillin '  me with her hive eos she 's calling me stan eos or else she calls me mister clive eos  eos of course ,  you 're gonna think this song is a riff eos i know you 're gonna think this song is a cliff eos unless you 've been inside a tunnel eos and fell down 69 ,  70 feet over a barbed - wire fence eos  eos all night ! your breath is sweet eos your eyes are like two jewels in the sky eos your back is straight ,  your hair is smooth eos on the pillow where you lie eos but i do n't sense affection eos no gratitude or love eos your loyalty is not to me eos but to the stars above eos  eos one more cup of coffee for the road eos one more cup of coffee  ' fore i go eos to the valley below eos  eos your daddy he 's an outlaw eos and a wanderer by trade eos he 'll teach you how to pick and choose eos and how to throw the blade eos he oversees his kingdom eos so no stranger does intrude eos his voice it trembles as he calls out eos for another plate of food eos  eos one more cup of coffee for the road eos one more cup of coffee  ' fore i go eos to the valley below eos  eos your sister sees the future eos like your mama and yourself eos you 've never learned to read or write eos there 's no books upon your shelf eos and your pleasure knows no limits eos your voice is like a meadowlark eos but your heart is like an ocean eos mysterious and dark eos  eos one more cup of coffee for the road eos one more cup of coffee  ' fore i go eos to the valley belowof war and peace the truth just twists eos its curfew gull just glides eos upon four - legged forest clouds eos the cowboy angel rides eos with his candle lit into the sun eos though its glow is waxed in black eos all except when  ' neath the trees of eden eos  eos the lamppost stands with folded arms eos its iron claws attached eos to curbs  ' neath holes where babies wail eos though it shadows metal badge eos all and all can only fall eos with a crashing but meaningless blow eos no sound ever comes from the gates of eden eos  eos the savage soldier sticks his head in sand eos and then complains eos unto the shoeless hunter who 's gone deaf eos but still remains eos upon the beach where hound dogs bay eos at ships with tattooed sails eos heading for the gates of eden eos  eos with a time - rusted compass blade eos aladdin and his lamp eos sits with utopian hermit monks eos sidesaddle on the golden calf eos and on their promises of paradise eos you will not hear a laugh eos all except inside the gates of eden eos  eos relationships of ownership eos they whisper in the wings eos to those condemned to act accordingly eos and wait for succeeding kings eos and i try to harmonize with songs eos the lonesome sparrow sings eos there are no kings inside the gates of eden eos  eos the motorcycle black madonna eos two - wheeled gypsy queen eos and her silver - studded phantom cause eos the gray flannel dwarf to scream eos as he weeps to wicked birds of prey eos who pick up on his bread crumb sins eos and there are no sins inside the gates of eden eos  eos the kingdoms of experience eos in the precious wind they rot eos while paupers change possessions eos each one wishing for what the other has got eos and the princess and the prince eos discuss what 's real and what is not eos it does n't matter inside the gates of eden eos  eos the foreign sun ,  it squints upon eos a bed that is never mine eos as friends and other strangers eos from their fates try to resign eos leaving men wholly ,  totally free eos to do anything they wish to do but die eos and there are no trials inside the gates of eden eos  eos at dawn my lover comes to me eos and tells me of her dreams eos with no attempts to shovel the glimpse eos into the ditch of what each one means eos at times i think there are no words eos but these to tell what 's true eos and there are no truths outside the gates of edenno more auction block for me eos no more ,  no more eos no more auction block for me eos many thousands gone eos  eos no more driver 's lash for me eos no more ,  no more eos no more driver 's lash for me eos many thousands gone eos  eos no more whip lash for me eos no more ,  no more eos no more pint of salt for me eos many thousands gone eos  eos no more auction block for me eos no more ,  no more eos no more auction block for me eos many thousands gonesome say it was radiation ,  some say there was acid on the microphone eos some say a combination that turned their hearts to stone eos but whatever it was ,  it drove them to their knees eos oh ,  legionnaire 's disease eos  eos i wish i had a dollar for everyone that died within that year eos got  ' em hot by the collar ,  plenty an old maid shed a tear eos now within my heart ,  it sure put on a squeeze eos oh ,  that legionnaire 's disease eos  eos granddad fought in a revolutionary war ,  father in the war of 1812 eos uncle fought in vietnam and then he fought a war all by himself eos but whatever it was ,  it came out of the trees eos oh ,  that legionnaire 's diseasedown the street the dogs are barkin '  eos and the day is a - gettin '  dark eos as the night comes in a - fallin '  eos the dogs 'll lose their bark eos an '  the silent night will shatter eos from the sounds inside my mind eos for i 'm one too many mornings eos and a thousand miles behind eos  eos from the crossroads of my doorstep eos my eyes they start to fade eos as i turn my head back to the room eos where my love and i have laid eos an '  i gaze back to the street eos the sidewalk and the sign eos and i 'm one too many mornings eos an '  a thousand miles behind eos  eos it 's a restless hungry feeling eos that do n't mean no one no good eos when ev ' rything i 'm a - sayin '  eos you can say it just as good .  eos you 're right from your side eos i 'm right from mine eos we 're both just one too many mornings eos an '  a thousand miles behindwell you can tell ev ' rybody eos down in ol '  frisco eos tell  ' em eos tiny montgomery says hello eos  eos now ev ' ry boy and girl 's eos gonna get their bang eos  ' cause tiny montgomery 's eos gonna shake that thing eos tell ev ' rybody eos down in ol '  frisco eos that tiny montgomery 's comin '  eos down to say hello eos  eos skinny moo and eos half - track frank eos they 're gonna both be gettin '  eos outa the tank eos one bird book eos and a buzzard and a crow eos tell  ' em all eos that tiny 's gonna say hello eos  eos scratch your dad eos do that bird eos suck that pig eos and bring it on home eos pick that drip eos and bake that dough eos tell  ' em all eos that tiny says hello eos  eos now he 's king of the drunks eos an '  he squeezes ,  too eos watch out ,  lester eos take it ,  lou eos join the monks eos the c . i . o .  eos tell  ' em all eos that tiny montgomery says hello eos  eos now grease that pig eos and sing praise eos go on out eos and gas that dog eos trick on in eos honk that stink eos take it on down eos and watch it grow eos play it low eos and pick it up eos take it on in eos in a plucking cup eos three - legged man eos and a hot - lipped hoe eos tell  ' em all eos montgomery says hello eos  eos well you can tell ev ' rybody eos down in ol '  frisco eos tell  ' em all eos montgomery says hellolay down your weary tune ,  lay down eos lay down the song you strum eos and rest yourself  ' neath the strength of strings eos no voice can hope to hum eos  eos struck by the sounds before the sun eos i knew the night had gone eos the morning breeze like a bugle blew eos against the drums of dawn eos  eos lay down your weary tune ,  lay down eos lay down the song you strum eos and rest yourself  ' neath the strength of strings eos no voice can hope to hum eos  eos the ocean wild like an organ played eos the seaweed 's wove its strands eos the crashin '  waves like cymbals clashed eos against the rocks and sands eos  eos lay down your weary tune ,  lay down eos lay down the song you strum eos and rest yourself  ' neath the strength of strings eos no voice can hope to hum eos  eos i stood unwound beneath the skies eos and clouds unbound by laws eos the cryin '  rain like a trumpet sang eos and asked for no applause eos  eos lay down your weary tune ,  lay down eos lay down the song you strum eos and rest yourself  ' neath the strength of strings eos no voice can hope to hum eos  eos the last of leaves fell from the trees eos and clung to a new love 's breast eos the branches bare like a banjo played eos to the winds that listened best eos  eos i gazed down in the river 's mirror eos and watched its winding strum eos the water smooth ran like a hymn eos and like a harp did hum eos  eos lay down your weary tune ,  lay down eos lay down the song you strum eos and rest yourself  ' neath the strength of strings eos no voice can hope to humthe evening winds are still eos i 've lost the way and will eos ca n't tell you where they went eos i just know what they meant eos i 'm always on my guard eos admitting life is hard eos without you near me eos  eos the friend you used to be eos so near and dear to me eos you slipped so far away eos where did we go a - stray eos i pass the old schoolyard eos admitting life is hard eos without you near me eos  eos 	ever since the day eos 	the day you went away eos 	i felt that emptiness so wide eos 	i do n't know what 's wrong or right eos 	i just know i need strength to fight eos 	strength to fight that world outside eos  eos since we 've been out of touch eos i have n't felt that much eos from day to barren day eos my heart stays locked away eos i walk the boulevard eos admitting life is hard eos without you near me eos  eos the sun is sinking low eos i guess it 's time to go eos i feel a chilly breeze eos in place of memories eos my dreams are locked and barred eos admitting life is hard eos without you near meinstrumentali need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos do n't need a shot of heroin to kill my disease eos do n't need a shot of turpentine ,  only bring me to my knees eos do n't need a shot of codeine to help me to repent eos do n't need a shot of whiskey ,  help me be president eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos doctor ,  can you hear me ?  i need some medicaid eos i seen the kingdoms of the world and it 's makin '  me feel afraid eos what i got ai n't painful ,  it 's just bound to kill me dead eos like the men that followed jesus when they put a price upon his head eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos i do n't need no alibi when i 'm spending time with you eos i 've heard all of them rumors and you have heard  ' em too eos do n't show me no picture show or give me no book to read eos it do n't satisfy the hurt inside nor the habit that it feeds eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos why would i want to take your life ?  eos you 've only murdered my father ,  raped his wife eos tattooed my babies with a poison pen eos mocked my god ,  humiliated my friends eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos do n't wanna be with nobody tonight eos veronica not around nowhere ,  mavis just ai n't right eos there 's a man that hates me and he 's swift ,  smooth and near eos am i supposed to set back and wait until he 's here ?  eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos what makes the wind wanna blow tonight ?  eos do n't even feel like crossing the street and my car ai n't actin '  right eos called home ,  everybody seemed to have moved away eos my conscience is beginning to bother me today eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos  eos i need a shot of love ,  i need a shot of love eos if you 're a doctor ,  i need a shot of love1 . 	strange things have happened ,  like never before .  eos my baby told me i would have to go .  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong .  eos  eos 2 . 	feel bad this morning ,  ai n't got no home .  eos no use in worrying ,   ' cause the world gone wrong ,  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong .  eos  eos 3 . 	i told you ,  baby ,  right to your head ,  eos if i did n't leave you i would have to kill you dead .  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong .  eos  eos 4 . 	i tried to be loving and treat you kind ,  eos but it seems like you never right ,  you got no loyal mind .  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong .  eos  eos 5 . 	if you have a woman and she do n't treat you kind ,  eos praise the good lord to get her out of your mind .  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong .  eos  eos 6 . 	said ,  when you been good now ,  ca n't do no more ,  eos just tell her kindly ,   " there is the front door .  "  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong .  eos  eos 7 . 	pack up my suitcase ,  give me my hat ,  eos no use to ask me ,  baby ,   ' cause i 'll never be back .  eos i ca n't be good no more ,  once like i did before .  eos i ca n't be good ,  baby ,  eos honey ,  because the world 's gone wrong . just a minute before you leave ,  girl eos just a minute before you touch the door eos what is it that you 're trying to achieve ,  girl ?  eos do you think we can talk about it some more ?  eos you know ,  the streets are filled with vipers eos who 've lost all ray of hope eos you know ,  it ai n't even safe no more eos in the palace of the pope eos  eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos i just do n't think that i could handle it eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos yesterday 's just a memory eos tomorrow is never what it 's supposed to be eos and i need you ,  yeah eos  eos come over here from over there ,  girl eos sit down here .  you can have my chair eos i ca n't see us goin '  anywhere ,  girl eos the only place open is a thousand miles away and i ca n't take you there eos i wish i 'd have been a doctor eos maybe i 'd have saved some life that had been lost eos maybe i 'd have done some good in the world eos  ' stead of burning every bridge i crossed eos  eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos i just do n't think that i could handle it eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos yesterday 's just a memory eos tomorrow is never what it 's supposed to be eos and i need you ,  oh ,  yeah eos  eos i ai n't too good at conversation ,  girl eos so you might not know exactly how i feel eos but if i could ,  i 'd bring you to the mountaintop ,  girl eos and build you a house made out of stainless steel eos but it 's like i 'm stuck inside a painting eos that 's hanging in the louvre eos my throat start to tickle and my nose itches eos but i know that i ca n't move eos  eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos i just do n't think that i could handle it eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos yesterday 's gone but the past lives on eos tomorrow 's just one step beyond eos and i need you ,  oh ,  yeah eos  eos who are these people who are walking towards you ?  eos do you know them or will there be a fight ?  eos with their humorless smiles so easy to see through eos can they tell you what 's wrong from what 's right ?  eos do you remember st .  james street eos where you blew jackie p .  's mind ?  eos you were so fine ,  clark gable would have fell at your feet eos and laid his life on the line eos  eos let 's try to get beneath the surface waste ,  girl eos no more booby traps and bombs eos no more decadence and charm eos no more affection that 's misplaced ,  girl eos no more mudcake creatures lying in your arms eos what about that millionaire with the drumsticks in his pants ?  eos he looked so baffled and so bewildered eos when he played and we did n't dance eos  eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos i just do n't think that i could handle it eos do n't fall apart on me tonight eos yesterday 's just a memory eos tomorrow is never what it 's supposed to be eos and i need you ,  yeahone by one ,  they followed the sun eos one by one ,  until there were none eos two by two ,  to their lovers they flew eos two by two ,  into the foggy dew eos three by three ,  they danced on the sea eos four by four ,  they danced on the shore eos five by five ,  they tried to survive eos six by six ,  they were playing with tricks eos  eos how many paths did they try and fail ?  eos how many of their brothers and sisters lingered in jail ?  eos how much poison did they inhale ?  eos how many black cats crossed their trail ?  eos  eos seven by seven ,  they headed for heaven eos eight by eight ,  they got to the gate eos nine by nine ,  they drank the wine eos ten by ten ,  they drank it again eos  eos how many tomorrows have they given away ?  eos how many compared to yesterday ?  eos how many more without any reward ?  eos how many more can they afford ?  eos  eos two by two ,  they stepped into the ark eos two by two ,  they step in the dark eos three by three ,  they 're turning the key eos four by four ,  they turn it some more eos  eos one by one ,  they follow the sun eos two by two ,  to another rendezvousi hate myself for lovin '  you and the weakness that it showed eos you were just a painted face on a trip down suicide road eos the stage was set ,  the lights went out all around the old hotel eos i hate myself for lovin '  you and i 'm glad the curtain fell eos  eos i hate that foolish game we played and the need that was expressed eos and the mercy that you showed to me ,  who ever would have guessed ?  eos i went out on lower broadway and i felt that place within eos that hollow place where martyrs weep and angels play with sin eos  eos heard your songs of freedom and man forever stripped eos acting out his folly while his back is being whipped eos like a slave in orbit ,  he 's beaten  ' til he 's tame eos all for a moment 's glory and it 's a dirty ,  rotten shame eos  eos there are those who worship loneliness ,  i 'm not one of them eos in this age of fiberglass i 'm searching for a gem eos the crystal ball up on the wall has n't shown me nothing yet eos i 've paid the price of solitude ,  but at last i 'm out of debt eos  eos ca n't recall a useful thing you ever did for me eos  ' cept pat me on the back one time when i was on my knees eos we stared into each other 's eyes  ' til one of us would break eos no use to apologize ,  what diff ' rence would it make ?  eos  eos so sing your praise of progress and of the doom machine eos the naked truth is still taboo whenever it can be seen eos lady luck ,  who shines on me ,  will tell you where i 'm at eos i hate myself for lovin '  you ,  but i should get over thatseñor ,  señor ,  do you know where we 're headin '  ?  eos lincoln county road or armageddon ?  eos seems like i been down this way before eos is there any truth in that ,  señor ?  eos  eos señor ,  señor ,  do you know where she is hidin '  ?  eos how long are we gonna be ridin '  ?  eos how long must i keep my eyes glued to the door ?  eos will there be any comfort there ,  señor ?  eos  eos there 's a wicked wind still blowin '  on that upper deck eos there 's an iron cross still hangin '  down from around her neck eos there 's a marchin '  band still playin '  in that vacant lot eos where she held me in her arms one time and said ,   ' forget me not '  eos  eos señor ,  señor ,  i can see that painted wagon eos i can smell the tail of the dragon eos ca n't stand the suspense anymore eos can you tell me who to contact here ,  señor ?  eos  eos well ,  the last thing i remember before i stripped and kneeled eos was that trainload of fools bogged down in a magnetic field eos a gypsy with a broken flag and a flashing ring eos said ,   ' son ,  this ai n't a dream no more ,  it 's the real thing '  eos  eos señor ,  señor ,  you know their hearts is as hard as leather eos well ,  give me a minute ,  let me get it together eos i just gotta pick myself up off the floor eos i 'm ready when you are ,  señor eos  eos señor ,  señor ,  let 's disconnect these cables eos overturn these tables eos this place do n't make sense to me no more eos can you tell me what we 're waiting for ,  señor ? i dreamed i saw st .  augustine eos alive as you or me eos tearing through these quarters eos in the utmost misery eos with a blanket underneath his arm eos and a coat of solid gold eos searching for the very souls eos whom already have been sold eos  eos  ' arise ,  arise ,  '  he cried so loud eos in a voice without restraint eos  ' come out ,  ye gifted kings and queens eos and hear my sad complaint eos no martyr is among ye now eos whom you can call your own eos so go on your way accordingly eos but know you 're not alone '  eos  eos i dreamed i saw st .  augustine eos alive with fiery breath eos and i dreamed i was amongst the ones eos that put him out to death eos oh ,  i awoke in anger eos so alone and terrified eos i put my fingers against the glass eos and bowed my head and criedwell ,  a young marriage vow ,  you know ,  it 's very sacred eos the man put us together ,  now ,  you wanna make it eos stick together eos come on ,  come on ,  stick together .  eos  eos you know ,  you made a vow ,  not to leave one another ,  never eos well ,  ya never miss you water till your well runs dry eos come one ,  baby ,  give our love a try ,  let 's stick together eos come on ,  come on ,  stick together eos we made a vow ,  not to leave one another ,  never .  eos  eos well ,  ya never miss your water till your well runs dry eos come one ,  baby ,  give our love a try ,  let 's stick together eos come on ,  come on ,  stick together eos you know ,  we made a vow ,  not to leave one another ,  never .  eos  eos it might be tough for a while ,  but consider the child eos cannot be happy without his mom and his pappy eos let 's stick together eos come on ,  come on ,  stick together eos you know ,  we made a vow ,  not to leave one another ,  never . the air is getting hotter eos there 's a rumbling in the skies eos i 've been wading through the high muddy water eos with the heat rising in my eyes eos every day your memory grows dimmer eos it does n't haunt me like it did before eos i 've been walking through the middle of nowhere eos trying to get to heaven before they close the door eos  eos when i was in missouri eos they would not let me be eos i had to leave there in a hurry eos i only saw what they let me see eos you broke a heart that loved you eos now you can seal up the book and not write anymore eos i 've been walking that lonesome valley eos trying to get to heaven before they close the door eos  eos people on the platforms eos waiting for the trains eos i can hear their hearts a - beatin '  eos like pendulums swinging on chains eos i tried to give you everything eos that your heart was longing for eos i 'm just going down the road feeling bad eos trying to get to heaven before they close the door eos  eos i 'm going down the river eos down to new orleans eos they tell me everything is gonna be all right eos but i do n't know what  ' all right '  even means eos i was riding in a buggy with miss mary - jane eos miss mary - jane got a house in baltimore eos i been all around the world ,  boys eos now i 'm trying to get to heaven before they close the door eos  eos gonna sleep down in the parlor eos and relive my dreams eos i 'll close my eyes and i wonder eos if everything is as hollow as it seems eos some trains do n't pull no gamblers eos no midnight ramblers like they did before eos i been to sugar town ,  i shook the sugar down eos now i 'm trying to get to heaven before they close the doorthey sat together in the park eos as the evening sky grew dark eos she looked at him and he felt a spark tingle to his bones eos  ' twas then he felt alone and wished that he 'd gone straight eos and watched out for a simple twist of fate eos  eos they walked along by the old canal eos a little confused ,  i remember well eos and stopped into a strange hotel with a neon burnin '  bright eos he felt the heat of the night hit him like a freight train eos moving with a simple twist of fate eos  eos a saxophone someplace far off played eos as she was walkin '  by the arcade eos as the light bust through a beat - up shade where he was wakin '  up ,  eos she dropped a coin into the cup of a blind man at the gate eos and forgot about a simple twist of fate eos  eos he woke up ,  the room was bare eos he did n't see her anywhere eos he told himself he did n't care ,  pushed the window open wide eos felt an emptiness inside to which he just could not relate eos brought on by a simple twist of fate eos  eos he hears the ticking of the clocks eos and walks along with a parrot that talks eos hunts her down by the waterfront docks where the sailors all come in eos maybe she 'll pick him out again ,  how long must he wait eos once more for a simple twist of fate eos  eos people tell me it 's a sin eos to know and feel too much within eos i still believe she was my twin ,  but i lost the ring eos she was born in spring ,  but i was born too late eos blame it on a simple twist of fateperhaps it 's the color of the sun cut flat eos an '  cov ' rin '  the crossroads i 'm standing at eos or maybe it 's the weather or something like that eos but mama ,  you been on my mind eos  eos i do n't mean trouble ,  please do n't put me down or get upset eos i am not pleadin '  or sayin '  ,   ' i ca n't forget '  eos i do not walk the floor bowed down an '  bent ,  but yet eos mama ,  you been on my mind eos  eos even though my mind is hazy an '  my thoughts they might be narrow eos where you been do n't bother me nor bring me down in sorrow eos it do n't even matter to me where you 're wakin '  up tomorrow eos but mama ,  you 're just on my mind eos  eos i am not askin '  you to say words like  ' yes '  or  ' no '  eos please understand me ,  i got no place for you t '  go eos i 'm just breathin '  to myself ,  pretendin '  not that i do n't know eos mama ,  you been on my mind eos  eos when you wake up in the mornin '  ,  baby ,  look inside your mirror eos you know i wo n't be next to you ,  you know i wo n't be near eos i 'd just be curious to know if you can see yourself as clear eos as someone who has had you on his mindlet us pause in life 's pleasures and count its many tears eos while we all sup sorrow with the poor .  eos there 's a song that will linger forever in our ears ,  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos  ' tis the song ,  the sigh of the weary .  eos hard times ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos many days you have lingered all around my cabin door .  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos  eos while we seek mirth and beauty and music light and gay .  eos there are frail forms fainting at the door .  eos though their voices are silent ,  their pleading looks will say .  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos  ' tis the song ,  the sigh of the weary .  eos hard times ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos many days you have lingered all around my cabin door .  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos  eos there 's pale drooping maiden who foils her life away eos with a worn out heart ,  whose better days are o ' er .  eos though her voice it would be merry ,   ' tis sighing all the day ,  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos  ' tis the song ,  the sigh of the weary .  eos hard times ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos many days you have lingered all around my cabin door .  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos  eos  ' tis the song ,  the sigh of the weary .  eos hard times ,  hard times ,  come again no more .  eos many days you have lingered all around my cabin door .  eos oh ,  hard times ,  come again no more . well ,  i 'm gonna get you sally girl eos i 'm gonna get you sally girl eos i 'm gonna get you sally girl eos i 'm gonna get you sally gal eos  eos i 'm just one o '  them ramblin '  men eos ramblin '  since i do n't know when eos here i come and i 'm a - gone again eos sally says i got no end eos  eos i 'm gonna get you sally girl eos i 'm gonna get you sally girl eos i 'm gonna get you sally girl eos i 'm gonna get you sally gala worried man with a worried mind eos no one in front of me and nothing behind eos there 's a woman on my lap and she 's drinking champagne eos got white skin ,  got assassin 's eyes eos i 'm looking up into the sapphire - tinted skies eos i 'm well dressed ,  waiting on the last train eos  eos standing on the gallows with my head in a noose eos any minute now i 'm expecting all hell to break loose eos  eos people are crazy and times are strange eos i 'm locked in tight ,  i 'm out of range eos i used to care ,  but things have changed eos  eos this place ai n't doing me any good eos i 'm in the wrong town ,  i should be in hollywood eos just for a second there i thought i saw something move eos gonna take dancing lessons ,  do the jitterbug rag eos ai n't no shortcuts ,  gonna dress in drag eos only a fool in here would think he 's got anything to prove eos  eos lot of water under the bridge ,  lot of other stuff too eos do n't get up gentlemen ,  i 'm only passing through eos  eos people are crazy and times are strange eos i 'm locked in tight ,  i 'm out of range eos i used to care ,  but things have changed eos  eos i 've been walking forty miles of bad road eos if the bible is right ,  the world will explode eos i 've been trying to get as far away from myself as i can eos some things are too hot to touch eos the human mind can only stand so much eos you ca n't win with a losing hand eos  eos feel like falling in love with the first woman i meet eos putting her in a wheelbarrow and wheeling her down the street eos  eos people are crazy and times are strange eos i 'm locked in tight ,  i 'm out of range eos i used to care ,  but things have changed eos  eos i hurt easy ,  i just do n't show it eos you can hurt someone and not even know it eos the next sixty seconds could be like an eternity eos gonna get low down ,  gonna fly high eos all the truth in the world adds up to one big lie eos i 'm in love with a woman who do n't even appeal to me eos  eos mr .  jinx and miss lucy ,  they jumped in the lake eos i 'm not that eager to make a mistake eos  eos people are crazy and times are strange eos i 'm locked in tight ,  i 'm out of range eos i used to care ,  but things have changedi got mixed up confusion eos man ,  it 's a - killin '  me eos well ,  there 's too many people eos and they 're all too hard to please eos  eos well ,  my hat 's in my hand eos babe ,  i 'm walkin '  down the line eos an '  i 'm lookin '  for a woman eos whose head 's mixed up like mine eos  eos well ,  my head 's full of questions eos my temp ' rature 's risin '  fast eos well ,  i 'm lookin '  for some answers eos but i do n't know who to ask eos  eos but i 'm walkin '  and wonderin '  eos and my poor feet do n't ever stop eos seein '  my reflection eos i 'm hung over ,  hung down ,  hung up ! oh ,  me and my cousin ,  one arthur mcbride ,  eos as we went a - walkin '  down by the seaside ,  eos mark now what followed and what did betide ,  eos for it bein '  on christmas mornin '  eos now ,  for recreation ,  we went on a tramp ,  eos and we met sergeant napper and corporal vamp eos and a little wee drummer intending to camp ,  eos for the day bein '  pleasant and charmin '  .  eos  eos  " good morning ,  good morning ,  "  the sergeant he cried .  eos  " and the same to you ,  gentlemen ,  "  we did reply ,  eos intending no harm but meant to pass by ,  eos for it bein '  on christmas mornin '  eos  " but ,  "  says he ,   " my fine fellows ,  if you will enlist ,  eos ten guineas in gold i 'll stick to your fist ,  eos and a crown in the bargain for to kick up the dust ,  eos and drink the king 's health in the morning .  eos  eos  " for a soldier ,  he leads a very fine life ,  eos and he always is blessed with a charming young wife ,  eos and he pays all his debts without sorrow or strife ,  eos and he always lives pleasant and charmin '  ,  eos and a soldier ,  he always is decent and clean ,  eos in the finest of clothing he 's constantly seen .  eos while other poor fellows go dirty and mean ,  eos and sup on thin gruel in the morning .  "  eos  eos  " but ,  "  says arthur ,   " i would n't be proud of your clothes ,  eos for you 've only the lend of them ,  as i suppose ,  eos but you dare not change them one night ,  for you know eos if you do ,  you 'll be flogged in the morning ,  eos and although that we 're single and free ,  eos we take great delight in our own company ,  eos we have no desire strange places to see ,  eos although that your offers are charming .  eos  eos  " and we have no desire to take your advance ,  eos all hazards and dangers we barter on chance ,  eos for you 'd have no scruples for to send us to france ,  eos where we would get shot without warning ,  "  eos  " oh no ,  "  says the sergeant .    " i 'll have no such chat ,  eos and neither will i take it from snappy young brats ,  eos for if you insult me with one other word ,  eos i 'll cut off your heads in the morning .  "  eos  eos and arthur and i ,  we soon drew our hogs ,  eos and we scarce gave them time to draw their own blades eos when a trusty shillelagh came over their head eos and bid them take that as fair warning .  eos and their old rusty rapiers that hung by their sides ,  eos we flung them as far as we could in the tide ,  eos  " now take them up ,  devils !  "  cried arthur mcbride ,  eos  " and temper their edge in the mornin '  !  "  eos  eos and the little wee drummer ,  we flattened his bow ,  eos and we made a football of his rowdy - dow - dow ,  eos threw it in the tide for to rock and to roll ,  eos and bade it a tedious returning ,  eos and we havin '  no money ,  paid them off in cracks .  eos we paid no respect to their two bloody backs ,  eos and we lathered them there like a pair of wet sacks ,  eos and left them for dead in the morning .  eos  eos and so ,  to conclude and to finish disputes ,  eos we obligingly asked if they wanted recruits ,  eos for we were the lads who would give them hard clouts eos and bid them look sharp in the mornin '  .  eos  eos oh ,  me and my cousin ,  one arthur mcbride ,  eos as we went a - walkin '  down by the seaside ,  eos mark now what followed and what did betide ,  eos for it bein '  on christmas mornin ' well i wandered alone through a desert of stone eos and i dreamt of my future wife eos my sword 's in my hand and i 'm next in command eos in this version of death called life eos my plate and my cup are right straight up eos i took a rose from the hand of a child eos when i kiss your lips ,  the honey drips eos but i 'm gonna have to put you down for a while eos  eos every day we meet on any old street eos and you 're in your girlish prime eos the short and the tall are coming to the ball eos i go there all the time eos behind every tree ,  there 's something to see eos the river is wider than a mile eos i tried you twice ,  you ca n't be nice eos i 'm gonna have to put you down for a while eos  eos here come the nurse with money in her purse eos here come the ladies and men eos you push it all in and you 've no chance to win eos you play  ' em on down to the end eos i 'm laying in the sand getting a sunshine tan eos moving along riding in style eos from my toes to my head ,  you knock me dead eos i 'm gonna have to put you down for a while eos  eos i count the years and i shed no tears eos i 'm blinded to what might have been eos nature 's voice makes my heart rejoice eos play me the wild song of the wind eos i found hopeless love in the room above eos when the sun and the weather were mild eos you 're as fine as wine ,  i ai n't handing you no line eos but i 'm gonna have to put you down for a while eos  eos all the merry little elves can go hang themselves eos my faith is as cold as can be eos i 'm stacked high to the roof and i 'm not without proof eos if you do n't believe me ,  come see eos you think i 'm blue ,  i think so too eos in my words ,  you 'll find no guile eos the game 's gotten old ,  the deck 's gone cold eos and i 'm gonna have to put you down for a while eos  eos the game 's gotten old ,  the deck 's gone cold eos i 'm gonna have to put you down for a whileif it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos everybody saying this is a day only the lord could make  eos  eos well i worked on the levee mama ,  both night and day  eos well i worked on the levee mama ,  both night and day  eos i got to the river and i threw my clothes away  eos  eos i paid my time and now i 'm as good as new eos i paid my time and now i 'm as good as new  eos they ca n't take me back ,  not unless i want them to  eos  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos some of these people gonna strip you of all they can take  eos  eos i ca n't stop here ,  i ai n't ready to unload  eos i ca n't stop here ,  i ai n't ready to unload  eos riches and salvation can be waiting behind the next bend in the road  eos  eos i picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks i get  eos i picked you up from the gutter and this is the thanks i get  eos you say you want me to quit ya ,  i told you no ,  not just yet eos  eos i look in your eyes ,  i see nobody else but me  eos i look in your eyes ,  i see nobody other than me  eos i see all that i am and all i hope to be  eos  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos some of these people do n't know which road to take  eos  eos when i 'm with you i forget i was ever blue  eos when i 'm with you i forget i was ever blue  eos without you there 's no meaning in anything i do  eos  eos some people on the road carrying everything that they own  eos some people on the road carrying everything that they own  eos some people got barely enough skin to cover their bones  eos  eos put on your cat clothes ,  mama ,  put on your evening dress  eos put on your cat clothes ,  mama ,  put on your evening dress  eos a few more years of hard work then there 'll be a thousand years of happiness  eos  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos i tried to get you to love me ,  but i wo n't repeat that mistake  eos  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break  eos plenty of cheap stuff out there still around that you take  eos  eos i woke up this morning ,  butter and eggs in my bed  eos i woke up this morning ,  butter and eggs in my bed  eos i ai n't got enough room to even raise my head  eos  eos come back ,  baby ,  say we never more will part  eos come back ,  baby ,  say we never more will part  eos do n't be a stranger without a brain or heart  eos  eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break eos if it keep on rainin '  the levee gonna break eos some people still sleepin '  ,  some people are wide awakewoke up this morning ,  feeling blue ,  eos seen a good - lookin '  girl ,  can i make love with you ?  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you ,  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you .  eos i got blood in my eyes for you ,  babe ,  eos i do n't care what in the world you do .  eos  eos i went back home ,  put on my tie ,  eos gonna get that girl that money that money will buy .  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you ,  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you .  eos i got blood in my eyes for you ,  babe ,  eos i do n't care what in the world you do .  eos  eos she looked at me ,  begin to smile ,  eos said ,   " hey ,  hey ,  man ,  ca n't you wait a little while ?  "  eos no ,  no ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you ,  eos no ,  no ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you .  eos got blood in my eyes for you ,  babe ,  eos i do n't care what in the world you do .  eos  eos  eos no ,  no ,  ma ' ma ,  i ca n't wait ,  eos you got my money ,  now you 're trying to break this date .  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you ,  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you .  eos i got blood in my eyes for you ,  babe ,  eos i do n't care what in the world you do .  eos  eos i tell you something ,  tell you the facts ,  eos you do n't want me ,  give my money back .  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you ,  eos hey ,  hey ,  babe ,  i got blood in my eyes for you .  eos i got blood in my eyes for you ,  babe ,  eos i do n't care what in the world you do . tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the shadow comes under your door eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the shadow comes under your door eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the shadow comes under your door eos o lord ,  o lord eos what shall you do ?  eos  eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the devil calls your cards eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the devil calls your cards eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the devil calls your cards eos o lord ,  o lord eos what shall you do ?  eos  eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when your water turns to wine eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when your water turns to wine eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when your water turns to wine eos o lord ,  o lord eos what should you do ?  eos  eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when you ca n't play god no more eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when you ca n't play god no more eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when you ca n't play god no more eos o lord ,  o lord eos what shall you do ?  eos  eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the shadow comes creepin '  in your room eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the shadow comes creepin '  in your room eos tell me what you 're gonna do eos when the shadow comes creepin '  in your room eos o lord ,  o lord eos what should you do ? when a man he serves the lord ,  it makes his life worthwhile eos it do n't matter  ' bout his position ,  it do n't matter  ' bout his lifestyle eos talk about perfection ,  i ai n't never seen none eos and there ai n't no man righteous ,  no not one eos  eos sometimes the devil likes to drive you from the neighborhood eos he 'll even work his ways through those whose intentions are good eos some like to worship on the moon ,  others are worshipping the sun eos and there ai n't no man righteous ,  no not one eos  eos look around ,  ya see so many social hypocrites eos like to make rules for others while they do just the opposite eos  eos you ca n't get to glory by the raising and the lowering of no flag eos put your goodness next to god 's and it comes out like a filthy rag eos in a city of darkness there 's no need of the sun eos and there ai n't no man righteous ,  no not one eos  eos done so many evil things in the name of love ,  it 's a crying shame eos i never did see no fire that could put out a flame eos  eos pull your hat down ,  baby ,  pull the wool down over your eyes eos keep a - talking ,  baby ,   ' til you run right out of alibis eos someday you 'll account for all the deeds that you done eos well ,  there ai n't no man righteous ,  no not one eos  eos god got the power ,  man has got his vanity eos man gotta choose before god can set him free eos do n't you know there 's nothing new that 's under the sun ?  eos well ,  there ai n't no man righteous ,  no not one eos  eos when i 'm gone do n't wonder where i be eos just say that i trusted in god and that christ was in me eos say he defeated the devil ,  he was god 's chosen son eos and that there ai n't no man righteous ,  no not onewell ,  if i had to do it all over again eos babe ,  i 'd do it all over you eos and if i had to wait for ten thousand years eos babe ,  i 'd even do that too eos well ,  a dog 's got his bone in the alley eos a cat ,  she 's got nine lives eos a millionaire 's got a million dollars eos king saud 's got four hundred wives eos well ,  ev ' rybody 's got somethin '  eos that they 're lookin '  forward to eos i 'm lookin '  forward to when i can do it all again eos and babe ,  i 'll do it all over you eos  eos well ,  if i had my way tomorrow or today eos babe ,  i 'd run circles all around eos i 'd jump up in the wind ,  do a somersault and spin eos i 'd even dance a jig on the ground eos well ,  everybody gets their hour eos everybody gets their time eos little david when he picked up his pebbles eos even sampson after he went blind eos well ,  everybody gets the chance eos to do what they want to do eos when my time arrives you better run for your life eos  ' cause babe ,  i 'll do it all over you eos  eos well ,  i do n't need no money ,  i just need a day that 's sunny eos baby ,  and my days are gonna come eos and i grab me a pint ,  you know that i 'm a giant eos when you hear me yellin '  ,   ' fee - fi - fo - fum '  eos well ,  you cut me like a jigsaw puzzle eos you made me to a walkin '  wreck eos then you pushed my heart through my backbone eos then you knocked off my head from my neck eos well ,  if i 'm ever standin '  steady eos a - doin '  what i want to do eos well ,  i tell you little lover that you better run for cover eos  ' cause babe ,  i 'll do it all over you eos  eos i 'm just restin '  at your gate so that i wo n't be late eos and ,  momma ,  i 'm a - just sittin '  on the shelf eos look out your window fair and you 'll see me squattin '  there eos just a - fumblin '  and a - mumblin '  to myself eos well ,  after my cigarette 's been smoked up eos after all my liquor 's been drunk eos after my dreams are dreamed out eos after all my thoughts have been thunk eos well ,  after i do some of these things eos i 'm gonna do what i have to do eos and i tell you on the side ,  that you better run and hide eos  ' cause babe ,  i 'll do it all over youalberta let your hair hang low eos alberta let your hair hang low eos i 'll give you more gold eos than your apron can hold eos if you 'd only let your hair hang low eos  eos alberta what 's on your mind eos alberta what 's on your mind eos you keep me worried and bothered eos all of the time eos alberta what 's on your mind eos  eos alberta do n't you treat me unkind eos alberta do n't you treat me unkind eos oh my heart is so sad eos cause i want you so bad eos alberta do n't you treat me unkind eos  eos alberta let your hair hang low eos alberta let your hair hang low eos i 'll give you more gold eos than your apron can hold eos if you 'll only let your hair hang lowwanted man in california ,  wanted man in buffalo eos wanted man in kansas city ,  wanted man in ohio eos wanted man in mississippi ,  wanted man in old cheyenne eos wherever you might look tonight ,  you might see this wanted man eos  eos i might be in colorado or georgia by the sea eos working for some man who may not know at all who i might be eos if you ever see me comin '  and if you know who i am eos do n't you breathe it to nobody  ' cause you know i 'm on the lam eos  eos wanted man by lucy watson ,  wanted man by jeannie brown eos wanted man by nellie johnson ,  wanted man in this next town eos but i 've had all that i 've wanted of a lot of things i had eos and a lot more than i needed of some things that turned out bad eos  eos i got sidetracked in el paso ,  stopped to get myself a map eos went the wrong way into juarez with juanita on my lap eos then i went to sleep in shreveport ,  woke up in abilene eos wonderin '  why the hell i 'm wanted at some town halfway between eos  eos wanted man in albuquerque ,  wanted man in syracuse eos wanted man in tallahassee ,  wanted man in baton rouge eos there 's somebody set to grab me anywhere that i might be eos and wherever you might look tonight ,  you might get a glimpse of me eos  eos wanted man in california ,  wanted man in buffalo eos wanted man in kansas city ,  wanted man in ohio eos wanted man in mississippi ,  wanted man in old cheyenne eos wherever you might look tonight ,  you might see this wanted manstanding on your window ,  honey eos yes ,  i 've been here before eos feeling so harmless eos i 'm looking at your second door eos how come you do n't send me no regards ?  eos you know i want your lovin '  eos honey ,  why are you so hard ?  eos  eos kneeling  ' neath your ceiling eos yes ,  i guess i 'll be here for a while eos i 'm tryin '  to read your portrait ,  but eos i 'm helpless ,  like a rich man 's child eos how come you send someone out to have me barred ?  eos you know i want your lovin '  eos honey ,  why are you so hard ?  eos  eos like a poor fool in his prime eos yes ,  i know you can hear me walk eos but is your heart made out of stone ,  or is it lime eos or is it just solid rock ?  eos  eos well ,  i rush into your hallway eos lean against your velvet door eos i watch upon your scorpion eos who crawls across your circus floor eos just what do you think you have to guard ?  eos you know i want your lovin '  eos honey ,  but you 're so hard eos  eos achilles is in your alleyway eos he do n't want me here ,  he does brag eos he 's pointing to the sky eos and he 's hungry ,  like a man in drag eos how come you get someone like him to be your guard ?  eos you know i want your lovin '  eos honey ,  but you 're so hardthere 's an evenin '  haze settlin '  over the town eos starlight by the edge of the creek eos the buyin '  power of the proletariat 's gone down eos money 's gettin '  shallow and weak eos the place i love best is a sweet memory eos it 's a new path that we trod eos they say low wages are a reality eos if we want to compete abroad  eos  eos my cruel weapons have been put on the shelf eos come sit down on my knee eos you are dearer to me than myself eos as you yourself can see eos i 'm listenin '  to the steel rails hum eos got both eyes tight shut eos just sitting here trying to keep the hunger from eos creeping it 's way into my gut  eos  eos meet me at the bottom ,  do n't lag behind eos bring me my boots and shoes eos you can hang back or fight your best on the front line eos sing a little bit of these workingman 's blues  eos  eos now ,  i 'm sailin '  on back ,  ready for the long haul eos tossed by the winds and the seas eos i 'll drag  ' em all down to hell and i 'll stand  ' em at the wall eos i 'll sell  ' em to their enemies eos i 'm tryin '  to feed my soul with thought eos gonna sleep off the rest of the day eos sometimes no one wants what we got eos sometimes you ca n't give it away  eos  eos now the place is ringed with countless foes eos some of them may be deaf and dumb eos no man ,  no woman knows  eos the hour that sorrow will come eos in the dark i hear the night birds call eos i can hear a lover 's breath eos i sleep in the kitchen with my feet in the hall eos sleep is like a temporary death eos  eos meet me at the bottom ,  do n't lag behind eos bring me my boots and shoes eos you can hang back or fight your best on the front line eos sing a little bit of these workingman 's blues  eos  eos well ,  they burned my barn ,  they stole my horse eos i ca n't save a dime eos i got to be careful ,  i do n't want to be forced eos into a life of continual crime eos i can see for myself that the sun is sinking eos how i wish you were here to see  eos tell me now ,  am i wrong in thinking eos that you have forgotten me ?   eos  eos now they worry and they hurry and they fuss and they fret eos they waste your nights and days eos them i will forget eos but you i 'll remember always eos old memories of you to me have clung eos you 've wounded me with words eos gonna have to straighten out your tongue eos it 's all true ,  everything you have heard  eos  eos meet me at the bottom ,  do n't lag behind eos bring me my boots and shoes eos you can hang back or fight your best on the front line eos sing a little bit of these workingman 's blues  eos  eos in you ,  my friend ,  i find no blame eos wanna look in my eyes ,  please do eos no one can ever claim eos that i took up arms against you eos all across the peaceful sacred fields eos they will lay you low eos they 'll break your horns and slash you with steel eos i say it so it must be so  eos  eos now i 'm down on my luck and i 'm black and blue eos gonna give you another chance eos i 'm all alone and i 'm expecting you eos to lead me off in a cheerful dance eos got a brand new suit and a brand new wife eos i can live on rice and beans eos some people never worked a day in their life eos do n't know what work even means  eos  eos meet me at the bottom ,  do n't lag behind eos bring me my boots and shoes eos you can hang back or fight your best on the front line eos sing a little bit of these workingman 's blueswhen they came for him in the garden ,  did they know ?  eos when they came for him in the garden ,  did they know ?  eos did they know he was the son of god ,  did they know that he was lord ?  eos did they hear when he told peter ,   ' peter ,  put up your sword '  ?  eos when they came for him in the garden ,  did they know ?  eos when they came for him in the garden ,  did they know ?  eos  eos when he spoke to them in the city ,  did they hear ?  eos when he spoke to them in the city ,  did they hear ?  eos nicodemus came at night so he would n't be seen by men eos saying ,   ' master ,  tell me why a man must be born again '  eos when he spoke to them in the city ,  did they hear ?  eos when he spoke to them in the city ,  did they hear ?  eos  eos when he healed the blind and crippled ,  did they see ?  eos when he healed the blind and crippled ,  did they see ?  eos when he said ,   ' pick up your bed and walk ,  why must you criticize ?  eos same thing my father do ,  i can do likewise '  eos when he healed the blind and crippled ,  did they see ?  eos when he healed the blind and crippled ,  did they see ?  eos  eos did they speak out against him ,  did they dare ?  eos did they speak out against him ,  did they dare ?  eos the multitude wanted to make him king ,  put a crown upon his head eos why did he slip away to a quiet place instead ?  eos did they speak out against him ,  did they dare ?  eos did they speak out against him ,  did they dare ?  eos  eos when he rose from the dead ,  did they believe ?  eos when he rose from the dead ,  did they believe ?  eos he said ,   ' all power is given to me in heaven and on earth '  eos did they know right then and there what the power was worth ?  eos when he rose from the dead ,  did they believe ?  eos when he rose from the dead ,  did they believe ? well ,  there was this movie i seen one time eos about a man riding  ' cross the desert and it starred gregory peck eos he was shot down by a hungry kid trying to make a name for himself eos the townspeople wanted to crush that kid down and string him up by the neck eos  eos well ,  the marshal ,  now he beat that kid to a bloody pulp eos as the dying gunfighter lay in the sun and gasped for his last breath eos  ' turn him loose ,  let him go ,  let him say he outdrew me fair and square eos i want him to feel what it 's like to every moment face his death '  eos  eos well ,  i keep seeing this stuff and it just comes a - rolling in eos and you know it blows right through me like a ball and chain eos you know i ca n't believe we 've lived so long and are still so far apart eos the memory of you keeps callin '  after me like a rollin '  train eos  eos i can still see the day that you came to me on the painted desert eos in your busted down ford and your platform heels eos i could never figure out why you chose that particular place to meet eos ah ,  but you were right .  it was perfect as i got in behind the wheel eos  eos well ,  we drove that car all night into san anton '  eos and we slept near the alamo ,  your skin was so tender and soft eos way down in mexico you went out to find a doctor and you never came back eos i would have gone on after you but i did n't feel like letting my head get blown off eos  eos well ,  we 're drivin '  this car and the sun is comin '  up over the rockies eos now i know she ai n't you but she 's here and she 's got that dark rhythm in her soul eos but i 'm too over the edge and i ai n't in the mood anymore to remember the times eos when i was your only man eos and she do n't want to remind me .  she knows this car would go out of control eos  eos brownsville girl with your brownsville curls eos teeth like pearls shining like the moon above eos brownsville girl ,  show me all around the world eos brownsville girl ,  you 're my honey love eos  eos well ,  we crossed the panhandle and then we headed towards amarillo eos we pulled up where henry porter used to live .  he owned a wreckin '  lot outside of town about a mile eos ruby was in the backyard hanging clothes ,  she had her red hair tied back .  she saw us come rolling up in a trail of dust eos she said ,   ' henry ai n't here but you can come on in ,  he 'll be back in a little while '  eos  eos then she told us how times were tough and about how she was thinkin '  of eos bummin '  a ride back to from where she started eos but ya know ,  she changed the subject every time money came up eos she said ,   ' welcome to the land of the living dead '  eos you could tell she was so broken hearted eos she said ,   ' even the swap meets around here are getting pretty corrupt '  eos  eos  ' how far are y ' all going ?  '  ruby asked us with a sigh eos  ' we 're going all the way  ' til the wheels fall off and burn eos  ' til the sun peels the paint and the seat covers fade and the water moccasin dies '  eos ruby just smiled and said ,   ' ah ,  you know some babies never learn '  eos  eos something about that movie though ,  well i just ca n't get it out of my head eos but i ca n't remember why i was in it or what part i was supposed to play eos all i remember about it was gregory peck and the way people moved eos and a lot of them seemed to be lookin '  my way eos  eos brownsville girl with your brownsville curls ,  eos teeth like pearls shining like the moon above eos brownsville girl ,  show me all around the world eos brownsville girl ,  you 're my honey love eos  eos well ,  they were looking for somebody with a pompadour eos i was crossin '  the street when shots rang out eos i did n't know whether to duck or to run ,  so i ran eos  ' we got him cornered in the churchyard ,  '  i heard somebody shout eos  eos well ,  you saw my picture in the corpus christi tribune .  underneath it ,  eos it said ,   ' a man with no alibi '  eos you went out on a limb to testify for me ,  you said i was with you eos then when i saw you break down in front of the judge and cry real tears eos it was the best acting i saw anybody do eos  eos now i 've always been the kind of person that does n't like to trespass eos but sometimes you just find yourself over the line eos oh if there 's an original thought out there ,  i could use it right now eos you know ,  i feel pretty good ,  but that ai n't sayin '  much .  i could feel a whole lot better eos if you were just here by my side to show me how eos  eos well ,  i 'm standin '  in line in the rain to see a movie starring gregory peck eos yeah ,  but you know it 's not the one that i had in mind eos he 's got a new one out now ,  i do n't even know what it 's about eos but i 'll see him in anything so i 'll stand in line eos  eos brownsville girl with your brownsville curls eos teeth like pearls shining like the moon above eos brownsville girl ,  show me all around the world eos brownsville girl ,  you 're my honey love eos  eos you know ,  it 's funny how things never turn out the way you had  ' em planned eos the only thing we knew for sure about henry porter is that his name was n't henry porter eos and you know there was somethin '  about you baby that i liked that was always too good for this world eos just like you always said there was somethin '  about me you liked eos that i left behind in the french quarter eos  eos strange how people who suffer together have stronger connections than people who are most content eos i do n't have any regrets ,  they can talk about me plenty when i 'm gone eos you always said people do n't do what they believe in ,  they just do what 's most convenient ,  then they repent eos and i always said ,   ' hang on to me ,  baby ,  and let 's hope that the roof stays on '  eos  eos there was a movie i seen one time ,  i think i sat through it twice eos i do n't remember who i was or where i was bound eos all i remember about it was it starred gregory peck ,  he wore a gun eos and he was shot in the back eos seems like a long time ago ,  long before the stars were torn down eos  eos brownsville girl with your brownsville curls eos teeth like pearls shining like the moon above eos brownsville girl ,  show me all around the world eos brownsville girl ,  you 're my honey lovewell ,  my nerves are exploding and my body 's tense eos i feel like the whole world got me pinned up against the fence eos i 've been hit too hard ,  i 've seen too much eos nothing can heal me now ,  but your touch eos i do n't know what i 'm gonna do eos i was all right  ' til i fell in love with you eos  eos well ,  my house is on fire ,  burning to the sky eos i thought it would rain but the clouds passed by eos now i feel like i 'm coming to the end of my way eos but i know god is my shield and he wo n't lead me astray eos still i do n't know what i 'm gonna do eos i was all right  ' til i fell in love with you eos  eos boys in the street beginning to play eos girls like birds flying away eos when i 'm gone you will remember my name eos i 'm gonna win my way to wealth and fame eos i do n't know what i 'm gonna do eos i was all right  ' til i fell in love with you eos  eos junk is piling up ,  taking up space eos my eyes feel like they 're falling off my face eos sweat falling down ,  i 'm staring at the floor eos i 'm thinking about that girl who wo n't be back no more eos i do n't know what i 'm gonna do eos i was all right  ' til i fell in love with you eos  eos well ,  i 'm tired of talking ,  i 'm tired of trying to explain eos my attempts to please you were all in vain eos tomorrow night before the sun goes down eos if i 'm still among the living ,  i 'll be dixie bound eos i just do n't know what i 'm gonna do eos i was all right  ' til i fell in love with youoh god said to abraham ,   ' kill me a son '  eos abe says ,   ' man ,  you must be puttin '  me on '  eos god say ,   ' no .  '  abe say ,   ' what ?  '  eos god say ,   ' you can do what you want abe ,  but eos the next time you see me comin '  you better run '  eos well abe says ,   ' where do you want this killin '  done ?  '  eos god says ,   ' out on highway 61 '  eos  eos well georgia sam he had a bloody nose eos welfare department they would n't give him no clothes eos he asked poor howard where can i go eos howard said there 's only one place i know eos sam said tell me quick man i got to run eos ol '  howard just pointed with his gun eos and said that way down on highway 61 eos  eos well mack the finger said to louie the king eos i got forty red ,  white and blue shoestrings eos and a thousand telephones that do n't ring eos do you know where i can get rid of these things eos and louie the king said let me think for a minute son eos and he said yes i think it can be easily done eos just take everything down to highway 61 eos  eos now the fifth daughter on the twelfth night eos told the first father that things were n't right eos my complexion she said is much too white eos he said come here and step into the light ,  he says hmm you 're right eos let me tell the second mother this has been done eos but the second mother was with the seventh son eos and they were both out on highway 61 eos  eos now the rovin '  gambler he was very bored eos he was tryin '  to create a next world war eos he found a promoter who nearly fell off the floor eos he said i never engaged in this kind of thing before eos but yes i think it can be very easily done eos we 'll just put some bleachers out in the sun eos and have it on highway 61seven days ,  seven more days she 'll be comin '  eos i 'll be waiting at the station for her to arrive eos seven more days ,  all i gotta do is survive eos  eos she been gone ever since i been a child eos ever since i seen her smile ,  i ai n't forgotten her eyes eos she had a face that could outshine the sun in the skies eos  eos i been good ,  i been good while i been waitin '  eos maybe guilty of hesitatin '  ,  i just been holdin '  on eos seven more days ,  all that 'll be gone eos  eos there 's kissing in the valley eos thieving in the alley eos fighting every inch of the way eos trying to be tender eos with somebody i remember eos in a night that 's always brighter ' n the day eos  eos seven days ,  seven more days that are connected eos just like i expected ,  she 'll be comin '  on forth eos my beautiful comrade from the north eos  eos there 's kissing in the valley eos thieving in the alley eos fighting every inch of the way eos trying to be tender eos with somebody i remember eos in a night that 's always brighter ' n the dayi 'm goin '  down south eos  ' neath the borderline eos i 'm goin '  down south eos  ' neath the borderline eos some fat momma eos kissed my mouth one time eos  eos well ,  i needed it this morning eos without a shadow of doubt eos my suitcase is packed eos my clothes are hangin '  out eos  eos san francisco 's fine eos you sure get lots of sun eos san francisco is fine eos you sure get lots of sun eos but i 'm used to four seasons eos california 's got but one eos  eos well ,  i got my dark sunglasses eos i got for good luck my black tooth eos i got my dark sunglasses eos and for good luck i got my black tooth eos do n't ask me nothin '  about nothin '  eos i just might tell you the trutha bullet from the back of a bush took medgar evers '  blood eos a finger fired the trigger to his name eos a handle hid out in the dark eos a hand set the spark eos two eyes took the aim eos behind a man 's brain eos but he ca n't be blamed eos he 's only a pawn in their game eos  eos a south politician preaches to the poor white man eos  ' you got more than the blacks ,  do n't complain .  eos you 're better than them ,  you been born with white skin ,  '  they explain .  eos and the negro 's name eos is used it is plain eos for the politician 's gain eos as he rises to fame eos and the poor white remains eos on the caboose of the train eos but it ai n't him to blame eos he 's only a pawn in their game eos  eos the deputy sheriffs ,  the soldiers ,  the governors get paid eos and the marshals and cops get the same eos but the poor white man 's used in the hands of them all like a tool eos he 's taught in his school eos from the start by the rule eos that the laws are with him eos to protect his white skin eos to keep up his hate eos so he never thinks straight eos  ' bout the shape that he 's in eos but it ai n't him to blame eos he 's only a pawn in their game eos  eos from the poverty shacks ,  he looks from the cracks to the tracks eos and the hoofbeats pound in his brain eos and he 's taught how to walk in a pack eos shoot in the back eos with his fist in a clinch eos to hang and to lynch eos to hide  ' neath the hood eos to kill with no pain eos like a dog on a chain eos he ai n't got no name eos but it ai n't him to blame eos he 's only a pawn in their game .  eos  eos today ,  medgar evers was buried from the bullet he caught eos they lowered him down as a king eos but when the shadowy sun sets on the one eos that fired the gun eos he 'll see by his grave eos on the stone that remains eos carved next to his name eos his epitaph plain :  eos only a pawn in their gamewell ,  that big dumb blonde eos with her wheel in the gorge eos and turtle ,  that friend of theirs eos with his checks all forged eos and his cheeks in a chunk eos with his cheese in the cash eos they 're all gonna be there eos at that million dollar bash eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos it 's that million dollar bash eos  eos ev ' rybody from right now eos to over there and back eos the louder they come eos the harder they crack eos come now ,  sweet cream eos do n't forget to flash eos we 're all gonna meet eos at that million dollar bash eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos it 's that million dollar bash eos  eos well ,  i took my counselor eos out to the barn eos silly nelly was there eos she told him a yarn eos then along came jones eos emptied the trash eos ev ' rybody went down eos to that million dollar bash eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos it 's that million dollar bash eos  eos well ,  i 'm hittin '  it too hard eos my stones wo n't take eos i get up in the mornin '  eos but it 's too early to wake eos first it 's hello ,  goodbye eos then push and then crash eos but we 're all gonna make it eos at that million dollar bash eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos it 's that million dollar bash eos  eos well ,  i looked at my watch eos i looked at my wrist eos punched myself in the face eos with my fist eos i took my potatoes eos down to be mashed eos then i made it over eos to that million dollar bash eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos ooh ,  baby ,  ooh - ee eos it 's that million dollar bashyou have given everything to me eos what can i do for you ?  eos you have given me eyes to see eos what can i do for you ?  eos  eos pulled me out of bondage and you made me renewed inside eos filled up a hunger that had always been denied eos opened up a door no man can shut and you opened it up so wide eos and you 've chosen me to be among the few eos what can i do for you ?  eos  eos you have laid down your life for me eos what can i do for you ?  eos you have explained every mystery eos what can i do for you ?  eos  eos soon as a man is born ,  you know the sparks begin to fly eos he gets wise in his own eyes and he 's made to believe a lie eos who would deliver him from the death he 's bound to die ?  eos well ,  you 've done it all and there 's no more anyone can pretend to do eos what can i do for you ?  eos  eos you have given all there is to give eos what can i do for you ?  eos you have given me life to live eos how can i live for you ?  eos  eos i know all about poison ,  i know all about fiery darts eos i do n't care how rough the road is ,  show me where it starts eos whatever pleases you ,  tell it to my heart eos well ,  i do n't deserve it but i sure did make it through eos what can i do for you ? i 'm out here a thousand miles from my home eos walkin '  a road other men have gone down eos i 'm seein '  your world of people and things eos your paupers and peasants and princes and kings eos  eos hey ,  hey ,  woody guthrie ,  i wrote you a song eos  ' bout a funny ol '  world that 's a - comin '  along eos seems sick an '  it 's hungry ,  it 's tired an '  it 's torn eos it looks like it 's a - dyin '  an '  it 's hardly been born eos  eos hey ,  woody guthrie ,  but i know that you know eos all the things that i 'm a - sayin '  an '  a - many times more eos i 'm a - singin '  you the song ,  but i ca n't sing enough eos  ' cause there 's not many men that done the things that you 've done eos  eos here 's to cisco an '  sonny an '  leadbelly too eos an '  to all the good people that traveled with you eos here 's to the hearts and the hands of the men eos that come with the dust and are gone with the wind eos  eos i 'm a - leavin '  tomorrow ,  but i could leave today eos somewhere down the road someday eos the very last thing that i 'd want to do eos is to say i 've been hittin '  some hard travelin '  toobroken lines ,  broken strings eos broken threads ,  broken springs eos broken idols ,  broken heads eos people sleeping in broken beds eos ai n't no use jiving eos ai n't no use joking eos everything is broken eos  eos broken bottles ,  broken plates eos broken switches ,  broken gates eos broken dishes ,  broken parts eos streets are filled with broken hearts eos broken words never meant to be spoken eos everything is broken eos  eos seem like every time you stop and turn around eos something else just hit the ground eos  eos broken cutters ,  broken saws eos broken buckles ,  broken laws eos broken bodies ,  broken bones eos broken voices on broken phones eos take a deep breath ,  feel like you 're chokin '  eos everything is broken eos  eos every time you leave and go off someplace eos things fall to pieces in my face eos  eos broken hands on broken ploughs eos broken treaties ,  broken vows eos broken pipes ,  broken tools eos people bending broken rules eos hound dog howling ,  bullfrog croaking eos everything is brokenhere 's a foreign song i learned in utah eos ha - va - ne - gei - lah eos o - de - ley - e - e - oo - it 's been raining in the trenches all day long ,  dripping down to my clothes eos my patience is wearing thin ,  got a fire inside my nose eos searching for the truth the way god designed it eos the truth is i might drown before i find it eos  eos well i need a woman ,  yes i do eos need a woman ,  yes i do eos someone who can see me as i am eos somebody who just do n't give a damn eos and i want you to be that woman every night eos be that woman eos  eos i 've had my eyes on you baby for about five long years eos you probably do n't know me at all ,  but i have seen your laughter and tears eos now you do n't frighten me ,  my heart is jumping eos and you look like it would n't hurt you none to have a man eos who could give ya something eos  eos well i need a woman ,  oh do n't i eos need a woman ,  bring it home safe at last eos seen you turn the corner ,  seen your boot heels spark eos seen you in the daylight ,  and watched you in the dark eos and i want you to be that woman ,  all right eos be that woman every night eos  eos well ,  if you believe in something long enough you just naturally eos come to think it 's true eos there ai n't no wall you ca n't cross over ,  ai n't no fire you ca n't walk through eos well ,  believing is all right ,  just do n't let the wrong people know what it 's all about eos they might put the evil eye on you ,  use their hidden powers to try to turn you out eos  eos well i need a woman ,  just to be my queen eos need a woman ,  know what i mean ? i got those worried blues ,  eos and i got those worried blues ,  eos i got those worried blues ,  eos i got those worried blues ,  eos lord ,  i 'm a - going where i never been before .  eos  eos i 'm going where the chilly winds do n't blow ,  eos i 'm going where the chilly winds do n't blow ,  eos worried blues eos i 'm going where the chilly winds do n't blow ,  eos i 'm going where the chilly winds do n't blow ,  eos i 'm going where the climate suits my clothes .  eos  eos honey babe do n't leave me now ,  eos honey babe do n't leave me now ,  eos oh honey babe do n't leave me now ,  eos honey babe do n't leave me now .  eos i got trouble in my mind .  eos listen to that cold whistle blow ,  eos lord listen to that cold whistle blow ,  eos listen to that cold whistle blow ,  eos listen to that cold whistle blow ,  eos i 'm going where i 'm never been before .  eos so i got those worries blues ,  lord ,  eos i got the worried blues ,  eos i got the worried blues  ,  eos and i got the worried blues .  eos i 'm a - going where i never been before . i am a lonesome hobo eos without family or friends eos where another man 's life might begin eos that 's exactly where mine ends eos i have tried my hand at bribery eos blackmail and deceit eos and i 've served time for ev ' rything eos  ' cept beggin '  on the street eos  eos well ,  once i was rather prosperous eos there was nothing i did lack eos i had fourteen - karat gold in my mouth eos and silk upon my back eos but i did not trust my brother eos i carried him to blame eos which led me to my fatal doom eos to wander off in shame eos  eos kind ladies and kind gentlemen eos soon i will be gone eos but let me just warn you all eos before i do pass on eos stay free from petty jealousies eos live by no man 's code eos and hold your judgment for yourself eos lest you wind up on this roadtake a message to mary eos but do n't tell her where i am eos take a message to mary eos but do n't say i 'm in a jam eos you can tell her that i had to see the world eos tell her that my ship set sail eos you can say she 'd better not wait for me eos but do n't tell her i 'm in jail ,  oh eos do n't tell her i 'm in jail .  eos  eos take a message to mary eos but do n't tell her what i 've done eos please ,  do n't mention the stage coach eos and the shot from a carried gun eos you better tell her that i had to change my plans eos and cancel out the wedding - day eos but please ,  do n't mention the lonely cell eos where i 'm gonna pine away ,  until my dying - day .  eos  eos take a message to mary eos but do n't tell her all you know eos my heart is aching for mary eos lord knows i miss her so eos just tell her that i went to timbukto eos tell her i 'm searching for gold eos you can say she better find someone new eos to cherish and to hold ,  oh lord ,  eos this cell is so cold . 1 . 	i came to the place where the lone pilgrim lay ,  eos and patiently stood by his tomb ,  eos when in a low whisper i heard something say :  eos how sweetly i sleep here alone .  eos  eos 2 . 	the tempest may howl and the loud thunder roar eos and gathering storms may arise ,  eos but calm is my feeling ,  at rest is my soul ,  eos the tears are all wiped from my eyes .  eos  eos 3 . 	the call of my master compelled me from home ,  eos no kindred or relative nigh .  eos i met the contagion and sank to the tomb ,  eos my soul flew to mansions on high .  eos  eos 4 . 	go tell my companion and children most dear eos to weep not for me now i 'm gone .  eos the same hand that led me through seas most severe eos has kindly assisted me home . trust yourself eos trust yourself to do the things that only you know best eos trust yourself eos trust yourself to do what 's right and not be second - guessed eos do n't trust me to show you beauty eos when beauty may only turn to rust eos if you need somebody you can trust ,  trust yourself eos  eos trust yourself eos trust yourself to know the way that will prove true in the end eos trust yourself eos trust yourself to find the path where there is no if and when eos do n't trust me to show you the truth eos when the truth may only be ashes and dust eos if you want somebody you can trust ,  trust yourself eos  eos well ,  you 're on your own ,  you always were eos in a land of wolves and thieves eos do n't put your hope in ungodly man eos or be a slave to what somebody else believes eos  eos trust yourself eos and you wo n't be disappointed when vain people let you down eos trust yourself eos and look not for answers where no answers can be found eos do n't trust me to show you love eos when my love may be only lust eos if you want somebody you can trust ,  trust yourselfwell ,  the comic book and me ,  just us ,  we caught the bus eos the poor little chauffeur ,  though ,  she was back in bed eos on the very next day ,  with a nose full of pus eos yea !  heavy and a bottle of bread eos yea !  heavy and a bottle of bread eos yea !  heavy and a bottle of bread eos  eos it 's a one - track town ,  just brown ,  and a breeze ,  too eos pack up the meat ,  sweet ,  we 're headin '  out eos for wichita in a pile of fruit eos get the loot ,  do n't be slow ,  we 're gonna catch a trout eos get the loot ,  do n't be slow ,  we 're gonna catch a trout eos get the loot ,  do n't be slow ,  we 're gonna catch a trout eos  eos now ,  pull that drummer out from behind that bottle eos bring me my pipe ,  we 're gonna shake it eos slap that drummer with a pie that smells eos take me down to california ,  baby eos take me down to california ,  baby eos take me down to california ,  baby eos  eos yes ,  the comic book and me ,  just us ,  we caught the bus eos the poor little chauffeur ,  though ,  she was back in bed eos on the very next day ,  with a nose full of pus eos yea !  heavy and a bottle of bread eos yea !  heavy and a bottle of bread eos yea !  heavy and a bottle of breadi once loved a girl ,  her skin it was bronze eos with the innocence of a lamb ,  she was gentle like a fawn eos i courted her proudly but now she is gone eos gone as the season she 's taken eos  eos through young summer 's breeze ,  i stole her away eos from her mother and sister ,  though close did they stay eos each one of them suffering from the failures of their day eos with strings of guilt they tried hard to guide us eos  eos of the two sisters ,  i loved the young eos with sensitive instincts ,  she was the creative one eos the constant scapegoat ,  she was easily undone eos by the jealousy of others around her eos  eos for her parasite sister ,  i had no respect eos bound by her boredom ,  her pride to protect eos countless visions of the other she 'd reflect eos as a crutch for her scenes and her society eos  eos myself ,  for what i did ,  i cannot be excused eos the changes i was going through ca n't even be used eos for the lies that i told her in hopes not to lose eos the could - be dream - lover of my lifetime eos  eos with unknown consciousness ,  i possessed in my grip eos a magnificent mantelpiece ,  though its heart being chipped eos noticing not that i 'd already slipped eos to a sin of love 's false security eos  eos from silhouetted anger to manufactured peace eos answers of emptiness ,  voice vacancies eos till the tombstones of damage read me no questions but ,   ' please eos what 's wrong and what 's exactly the matter ?  '  eos  eos and so it did happen like it could have been foreseen eos the timeless explosion of fantasy 's dream eos at the peak of the night ,  the king and the queen eos tumbled all down into pieces eos  eos  ' the tragic figure !  '  her sister did shout eos  ' leave her alone ,  god damn you ,  get out !  '  eos and i in my armor ,  turning about eos and nailing her to the ruins of her pettiness eos  eos beneath a bare lightbulb the plaster did pound eos her sister and i in a screaming battleground eos and she in between ,  the victim of sound eos soon shattered as a child  ' neath her shadows eos  eos all is gone ,  all is gone ,  admit it ,  take flight eos i gagged twice ,  doubled ,  tears blinding my sight eos my mind it was mangled ,  i ran into the night eos leaving all of love 's ashes behind me eos  eos the wind knocks my window ,  the room it is wet eos the words to say i 'm sorry ,  i have n't found yet eos i think of her often and hope whoever she 's met eos will be fully aware of how precious she is eos  eos ah ,  my friends from the prison ,  they ask unto me eos  ' how good ,  how good does it feel to be free ?  '  eos and i answer them most mysteriously eos  ' are birds free from the chains of the skyway ?  ' listen to me ,  baby eos there 's something you must see eos i want to be with you ,  gal eos if you want to be with me eos  eos but if you got to go eos it 's all right eos but if you got to go ,  go now eos or else you gotta stay all night eos  eos it ai n't that i 'm questionin '  you eos to take part in any quiz eos it 's just that i ai n't got no watch eos an '  you keep askin '  me what time it is eos  eos but if you got to go eos it 's all right eos but if you got to go ,  go now eos or else you gotta stay all night eos  eos i am just a poor boy ,  baby eos lookin '  to connect eos but i certainly do n't want you thinkin '  eos that i ai n't got any respect eos  eos but if you got to go eos it 's all right eos but if you got to go ,  go now eos or else you gotta stay all night eos  eos you know i 'd have nightmares eos and a guilty conscience ,  too eos if i kept you from anything eos that you really wanted to do eos  eos but if you got to go eos it 's all right eos but if you got to go ,  go now eos or else you gotta stay all night eos  eos it ai n't that i 'm wantin '  eos anything you never gave before eos it 's just that i 'll be sleepin '  soon eos it 'll be too dark for you to find the door eos  eos but if you got to go eos it 's all right eos but if you got to go ,  go now eos or else you gotta stay all nighti got my back to the sun  ' cause the light is too intense eos i can see what everybody in the world is up against eos you ca n't turn back—you ca n't come back ,  sometimes we push too far eos one day you 'll open up your eyes and you 'll see where we are eos  eos sugar baby get on down the road eos you ai n't got no brains ,  no how eos you went years without me eos might as well keep going now eos  eos some of these bootleggers ,  they make pretty good stuff eos plenty of places to hide things here if you wanna hide  ' em bad enough eos i 'm staying with aunt sally ,  but you know ,  she 's not really my aunt eos some of these memories you can learn to live with and some of them you ca n't eos  eos sugar baby get on down the line eos you ai n't got no brains ,  no how eos you went years without me eos you might as well keep going now eos  eos the ladies down in darktown ,  they 're doing the darktown strut eos you always got to be prepared but you never know for what eos there ai n't no limit to the amount of trouble women bring eos love is pleasing ,  love is teasing ,  love 's not an evil thing eos  eos sugar baby ,  get on down the road eos you ai n't got no brains ,  no how eos you went years without me eos you might as well keep going now eos  eos every moment of existence seems like some dirty trick eos happiness can come suddenly and leave just as quick eos any minute of the day the bubble could burst eos try to make things better for someone ,  sometimes ,  you just end up making it a thousand times worse eos  eos sugar baby ,  get on down the road eos you ai n't got no brains ,  no how eos you went years without me eos might as well keep going now eos  eos your charms have broken many a heart and mine is surely one eos you got a way of tearing the world apart .  love ,  see what you done eos just as sure as we 're living ,  just as sure as you 're born eos look up ,  look up—seek your maker— ' fore gabriel blows his horn eos  eos sugar baby ,  get on down the line eos you ai n't got no sense ,  no how eos you went years without me eos might as well keep going nowoh ,  the streets of rome are filled with rubble eos ancient footprints are everywhere eos you can almost think that you 're seein '  double eos on a cold ,  dark night on the spanish stairs eos got to hurry on back to my hotel room eos where i 've got me a date with botticelli 's niece eos she promised that she 'd be right there with me eos when i paint my masterpiece eos  eos oh ,  the hours i 've spent inside the coliseum eos dodging lions and wastin '  time eos oh ,  those mighty kings of the jungle ,  i could hardly stand to see  ' em eos yes ,  it sure has been a long ,  hard climb eos train wheels runnin '  through the back of my memory eos when i ran on the hilltop following a pack of wild geese eos someday ,  everything is gonna be smooth like a rhapsody eos when i paint my masterpiece eos  eos sailin '  round the world in a dirty gondola eos oh ,  to be back in the land of coca - cola !  eos  eos i left rome and landed in brussels eos on a plane ride so bumpy that i almost cried eos clergymen in uniform and young girls pullin '  muscles eos everyone was there to greet me when i stepped inside eos newspapermen eating candy eos had to be held down by big police eos someday ,  everything is gonna be diff ' rent eos when i paint my masterpiececovenant woman got a contract with the lord eos way up yonder ,  great will be her reward eos covenant woman ,  shining like a morning star eos i know i can trust you to stay where you are eos  eos and i just got to tell you eos i do intend eos to stay closer than any friend eos i just got to thank you eos once again eos for making your prayers known eos unto heaven for me eos and to you ,  always ,  so grateful eos i will forever be eos  eos i 've been broken ,  shattered like an empty cup eos i 'm just waiting on the lord to rebuild and fill me up eos and i know he will do it  ' cause he 's faithful and he 's true eos he must have loved me so much to send me someone as fine as you eos  eos and i just got to tell you eos i do intend eos to stay closer than any friend eos i just got to thank you eos once again eos for making your prayers known eos unto heaven for me eos and to you ,  always ,  so grateful eos i will forever be eos  eos covenant woman ,  intimate little girl eos who knows those most secret things of me that are hidden from the world eos you know we are strangers in a land we 're passing through eos i 'll always be right by your side ,  i 've got a covenant too eos  eos and i just got to tell you eos i do intend eos to stay closer than any friend eos i just got to thank you eos once again eos for making your prayers known eos unto heaven for me eos and to you ,  always ,  so grateful eos i will forever bei did n't mean to treat you so bad eos you should n't take it so personal eos i did n't mean to make you so sad eos you just happened to be there ,  that 's all eos when i saw you say  ' goodbye '  to your friend and smile eos i thought that it was well understood eos that you 'd be comin '  back in a little while eos i did n't know that you were sayin '   ' goodbye '  for good eos  eos but ,  sooner or later ,  one of us must know eos you just did what you 're supposed to do eos sooner or later ,  one of us must know eos that i really did try to get close to you eos  eos i could n't see what you could show me eos your scarf had kept your mouth well hid eos i could n't see how you could know me eos but you said you knew me and i believed you did eos when you whispered in my ear eos and asked me if i was leavin '  with you or her eos i did n't realize just what i did hear eos i did n't realize how young you were eos  eos but ,  sooner or later ,  one of us must know eos you just did what you 're supposed to do eos sooner or later ,  one of us must know eos that i really did try to get close to you eos  eos i could n't see when it started snowin '  eos your voice was all that i heard eos i could n't see where we were goin '  eos but you said you knew an '  i took your word eos and then you told me later ,  as i apologized eos that you were just kiddin '  me ,  you were n't really from the farm eos an '  i told you ,  as you clawed out my eyes eos that i never really meant to do you any harm eos  eos but ,  sooner or later ,  one of us must know eos you just did what you 're supposed to do eos sooner or later ,  one of us must know eos that i really did try to get close to youi had a hard time waking this morning eos i got a lotta things on my mind eos like those friends of yours eos they keep bringing me down eos just hangin '  round all the time eos  eos i 've had a hard time waking most mornings eos and it 's been that way for a month or more eos you 've had things your way eos but now i 've got to say eos i 'm on my way out the door eos  eos why do n't you get right ,  try to get right ,  baby eos you have n't been right with me ,  why do n't you get right ?  eos try and get right ,  baby ,  do n't you remember how it used to be ?  eos  eos you had a hard time waking this morning eos and i can see it in your empty eyes eos but there 's no need for talking eos or walking round the block eos just to figure out the reason why eos  eos i have a hard time handing out warnings eos i 'll just slide on out the door eos cuz i 'm tired of everything eos being beautiful ,  beautiful eos and i ai n't coming back no morewell ,  your railroad gate ,  you know i just ca n't jump it eos sometimes it gets so hard ,  you see eos i 'm just sitting here beating on my trumpet eos with all these promises you left for me eos but where are you tonight ,  sweet marie ?  eos  eos well ,  i waited for you when i was half sick eos yes ,  i waited for you when you hated me eos well ,  i waited for you inside of the frozen traffic eos when you knew i had some other place to be eos now ,  where are you tonight ,  sweet marie ?  eos  eos well ,  anybody can be just like me ,  obviously eos but then ,  now again ,  not too many can be like you ,  fortunately eos  eos well ,  six white horses that you did promise eos were fin ' lly delivered down to the penitentiary eos but to live outside the law ,  you must be honest eos i know you always say that you agree eos but where are you tonight ,  sweet marie ?  eos  eos well ,  i do n't know how it happened eos but the riverboat captain ,  he knows my fate eos but ev ' rybody else ,  even yourself eos they 're just gonna have to wait eos  eos well ,  i got the fever down in my pockets eos the persian drunkard ,  he follows me eos yes ,  i can take him to your house but i ca n't unlock it eos you see ,  you forgot to leave me with the key eos oh ,  where are you tonight ,  sweet marie ?  eos  eos now ,  i been in jail when all my mail showed eos that a man ca n't give his address out to bad company eos and now i stand here lookin '  at your yellow railroad eos in the ruins of your balcony eos wond ' ring where you are tonight ,  sweet mariewell ,  she 's got jet pilot eyes from her hips on down .  eos all the bombardiers are trying to force her out of town .  eos she 's five feet nine and she carries a monkey wrench .  eos she weighs more by the foot than she does by the inch .  eos she got all the downtown boys ,  all at her command eos but you 've got to watch her closely  ' cause she ai n't no woman eos she 's a man . 1 . 	oh ,  where is little maggie eos over yonder she stands ,  eos rifle on her shoulder ,  eos six - shooter in her hand .  eos  eos 2 . 	how can i ever stand it ,  eos just to see them two blue eyes ,  eos shinin '  like some diamonds ,  eos like some diamonds in the sky .  eos  eos 3 . 	rather be in some lonely hollow eos where the sun do n't ever shine ,  eos than to see you be another man 's darling ,  eos and to know that you 'll never be mine .  eos  eos 4 . 	well ,  it 's march me away to the station eos with my suitcase in my hand ,  eos yes ,  march me away to the station ,  eos i 'm off to some far - distant land .  eos  eos 5 . 	sometimes i have a nickel ,  eos and sometimes i have a dime ,  eos sometimes i have ten dollars ,  eos just to pay for little maggie 's wine .  eos  eos 6 . 	pretty flowers are made for blooming ,  eos pretty stars are made to shine ,  eos pretty girls are made for boy 's love ,  eos little maggie was made for mine .  eos  eos 7 . 	well ,  yonder stands little maggie eos with a dram glass in her hand ,  eos she 's a drinkin '  down her troubles eos over courtin '  some other man . if you ever go to houston eos better walk right eos keep your hands in your pockets eos and your gun - belt tight eos you 'll be asking for trouble eos if you 're lookin '  for a fight eos if you ever go to houston eos boy ,  you better walk right eos  eos if you 're ever down there eos on bagby and lamar eos you better watch out for  eos the man with the shining star eos better know where you 're going eos or stay where you are eos if you 're ever down there eos on bagby and lamar eos  eos i know these streets eos i 've been here before eos i nearly got killed here eos during the mexican war eos something always eos keeps me coming back for more eos i know these streets eos i 've been here before eos  eos if you ever go to dallas eos say hello to mary anne eos say i 'm still pullin '  on the trigger eos hangin '  on the best i can eos if you see her sister lucy eos say i 'm sorry i 'm not there eos tell her other sister betsy eos to pray the sinner 's prayer eos  eos i got a restless fever  eos burnin '  in my brain eos got to keep ridin '  forward  eos ca n't spoil the game eos the same way i leave here eos will be the way that i came eos got a restless fever  eos burnin '  in my brain eos  eos mr .  policeman  eos can you help me find my gal eos last time i saw her eos was at the magnolia hotel eos if you help me find her eos you can be my pal eos mr .  policeman eos can you help me find my gal eos  eos if you ever go to austin eos fort worth or san antone eos find the bar rooms i got lost in eos and send my memories home eos put my tears in a bottle eos screw the top on tight eos if you ever go to houston eos you better walk rightwell ,  i 'm walkin '  down the highway eos with my suitcase in my hand eos yes ,  i 'm walkin '  down the highway eos with my suitcase in my hand eos lord ,  i really miss my baby eos she 's in some far - off land eos  eos well ,  your streets are gettin '  empty eos lord ,  your highway 's gettin '  filled eos and your streets are gettin '  empty eos and your highway 's gettin '  filled eos well ,  the way i love that woman eos i swear it 's bound to get me killed eos  eos well ,  i been gamblin '  so long eos lord ,  i ai n't got much more to lose eos yes ,  i been gamblin '  so long eos lord ,  i ai n't got much more to lose eos right now i 'm havin '  trouble eos please do n't take away my highway shoes eos  eos well ,  i 'm bound to get lucky ,  baby eos or i 'm bound to die tryin '  eos yes ,  i 'm a - bound to get lucky ,  baby eos lord ,  lord i 'm a - bound to die tryin '  eos well ,  meet me in the middle of the ocean eos and we 'll leave this ol '  highway behind eos  eos well ,  the ocean took my baby eos my baby stole my heart from me eos yes ,  the ocean took my baby eos my baby took my heart from me eos she packed it all up in a suitcase eos lord ,  she took it away to italy ,  italy eos  eos so ,  i 'm a - walkin '  down your highway eos just as far as my poor eyes can see eos yes ,  i 'm a - walkin '  down your highway eos just as far as my eyes can see eos from the golden gate bridge eos all the way to the statue of liberty1 . 	got a little girl ,  little and low ,  eos she used to love me but she do n't no more .  eos she gotta step it up and go - yeah ,  go .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go .  eos  eos 2 . 	got a little girl ,  she stays upstairs ,  eos make a livin '  by puttin '  on airs .  eos gotta step it up and go - yeah ,  man .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go .  eos  eos 3 . 	front door shut ,  back door too ,  eos blinds pulled down ,  what '  cha gonna do ?  eos gotta step it up and go - yeah ,  go .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go .  eos  eos 4 . 	got a little girl ,  her name is ball ,  eos give a little bit ,  she took it all .  eos i said step it up and go - yeah ,  man .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go .  eos  eos 5 . 	me an '  my baby walkin '  down the street ,  eos tellin '  everybody  ' bout the chief of police .  eos gotta step it up and go - yeah ,  go .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go .  eos  eos 6 . 	tell my woman i 'll see her at home ,  eos ai n't no lovin '  since she been gone .  eos gotta step it up and go - yeah ,  go .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go .  eos  eos 7 . 	well ,  i 'll sing this verse ,  ai n't gonna sing no more ,  eos hear my gal call me and i got to go .  eos step it up and go - yeah ,  man .  eos ca n't stand pat ,  swear you gotta step it up and go . well there 's one kind of favor i 'll ask for you  eos well there 's one kind of favor i 'll ask for you  eos there 's just one kind of favor i 'll ask for you eos you can see that my grave is kept clean .   eos  eos and there 's two white horses following me  eos and there 's two white horses following me  eos i got two white horses following me eos waiting on my burying ground .  eos  eos did you ever hear that coffin sound eos did you ever hear that coffin sound eos did you ever hear that coffin sound eos means another poor boy is underground .   eos  eos did you ever hear them church bells toll  eos did you ever hear them church bells toll  eos did you ever hear them church bells toll  eos means another poor boy is dead and gone .   eos  eos and my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold  eos and my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold  eos and my heart stopped beating and my hands turned cold  eos now i believe what the bible told .  eos  eos there 's just one last favor i 'll ask for you  eos and there 's one last favor i 'll ask for you  eos there 's just one last favor i 'll ask for you  eos see that my grave is kept clean . come you ladies and you gentlemen ,  a - listen to my song eos sing it to you right ,  but you might think it 's wrong eos just a little glimpse of a story i 'll tell eos  ' bout an east coast city that you all know well eos it 's hard times in the city eos livin '  down in new york town eos  eos old new york city is a friendly old town eos from washington heights to harlem on down eos there 's a - mighty many people all millin '  all around eos they 'll kick you when you 're up and knock you when you 're down eos it 's hard times in the city eos livin '  down in new york town eos  eos it 's a mighty long ways from the golden gate eos to rockefeller plaza  ' n '  the empire state .  eos mister rockefeller sets up as high as a bird eos old mister empire never says a word eos it 's hard times from the country eos livin '  down in new york town eos  eos well ,  it 's up in the mornin '  tryin '  to find a job of work eos stand in one place till your feet begin to hurt eos if you got a lot o '  money you can make yourself merry eos if you only got a nickel ,  it 's the staten island ferry eos and it 's hard times in the city eos livin '  down in new york town eos  eos mister hudson come a - sailin '  down the stream eos and old mister minuet paid for his dream eos bought your city on a one - way track eos  ' f i had my way i 'd sell it right back eos and it 's hard times in the city eos livin '  down in new york town eos  eos i 'll take all the smog in cal - i - for - ne - ay eos  ' n '  every bit of dust in the oklahoma plains eos  ' n '  the dirt in the caves of the rocky mountain mines eos it 's all much cleaner than the new york kind eos and it 's hard times in the city eos livin '  down in new york town eos  eos so all you newsy people ,  spread the news around eos you c ' n listen to m '  story ,  listen to m '  song eos you c ' n step on my name ,  you c ' n try  ' n '  get me beat eos when i leave new york ,  i 'll be standin '  on my feet eos and it 's hard times in the city eos livin '  down in new york townfarewell angelina eos the bells of the crown eos are being stolen by bandits eos i must follow the sound eos the triangle tingles eos and the trumpets play slow eos farewell angelina eos the sky is on fire eos and i must go eos  eos there 's no need for anger eos there 's no need for blame eos there 's nothing to prove eos ev ' rything 's still the same eos just a table standing empty eos by the edge of the sea eos farewell angelina eos the sky is trembling eos and i must leave eos  eos the jacks and the queens eos have forsaked the courtyard eos fifty - two gypsies eos now file past the guards eos in the space where the deuce eos and the ace once ran wild eos farewell angelina eos the sky is folding eos i 'll see you in a while eos  eos see the cross - eyed pirates sitting eos perched in the sun eos shooting tin cans eos with a sawed - off shotgun eos and the neighbors they clap eos and they cheer with each blast eos farewell angelina eos the sky 's changing color eos and i must leave fast eos  eos king kong ,  little elves eos on the rooftops they dance eos valentino - type tangos eos while the makeup man 's hands eos shut the eyes of the dead eos not to embarrass anyone eos farewell angelina eos the sky is embarrassed eos and i must be gone eos  eos the machine guns are roaring eos the puppets heave rocks eos the fiends nail time bombs eos to the hands of the clocks eos call me any name you like eos i will never deny it eos farewell angelina eos the sky is erupting eos i must go where it 's quietearly in the mornin '  eos early in the mornin '  eos i 'm callin '  you to eos i 'm callin '  you to eos please come home eos yes ,  i guess i could make it without you eos if i just did n't feel so all alone eos  eos do n't let me down eos do n't let me down eos i wo n't let you down eos i wo n't let you down eos no i wo n't eos you know i can if you can ,  honey eos but ,  honey ,  please do n't eos  eos i got my black dog barkin '  eos black dog barkin '  eos yes it is now eos yes it is now eos outside my yard eos yes ,  i could tell you what he means eos if i just did n't have to try so hard eos  eos your mama 's workin '  eos your mama 's moanin '  eos she 's cryin '  you know eos she 's tryin '  you know eos you better go now eos well ,  i 'd tell you what she wants eos but i just do n't know how eos  eos fifteen jugglers eos fifteen jugglers eos five believers eos five believers eos all dressed like men eos tell yo '  mama not to worry because eos they 're just my friends eos  eos early in the mornin '  eos early in the mornin '  eos i 'm callin '  you to eos i 'm callin '  you to eos please come home eos yes ,  i could make it without you eos if i just did not feel so all aloneit ai n't no use to sit and wonder why ,  babe eos it do n't matter ,  anyhow eos an '  it ai n't no use to sit and wonder why ,  babe eos if you do n't know by now eos when your rooster crows at the break of dawn eos look out your window and i 'll be gone eos you 're the reason i 'm trav ' lin '  on eos do n't think twice ,  it 's all right eos  eos it ai n't no use in turnin '  on your light ,  babe eos that light i never knowed eos an '  it ai n't no use in turnin '  on your light ,  babe eos i 'm on the dark side of the road eos still i wish there was somethin '  you would do or say eos to try and make me change my mind and stay eos we never did too much talkin '  anyway eos so do n't think twice ,  it 's all right eos  eos it ai n't no use in callin '  out my name ,  gal eos like you never did before eos it ai n't no use in callin '  out my name ,  gal eos i ca n't hear you anymore eos i 'm a - thinkin '  and a - wond ' rin '  all the way down the road eos i once loved a woman ,  a child i 'm told eos i give her my heart but she wanted my soul eos but do n't think twice ,  it 's all right eos  eos i 'm walkin '  down that long ,  lonesome road ,  babe eos where i 'm bound ,  i ca n't tell eos but goodbye 's too good a word ,  gal eos so i 'll just say fare thee well eos i ai n't sayin '  you treated me unkind eos you could have done better but i do n't mind eos you just kinda wasted my precious time eos but do n't think twice ,  it 's all rightmay god bless and keep you always eos may your wishes all come true eos may you always do for others eos and let others do for you eos may you build a ladder to the stars eos and climb on every rung eos may you stay forever young eos forever young ,  forever young eos may you stay forever young eos  eos may you grow up to be righteous eos may you grow up to be true eos may you always know the truth eos and see the lights surrounding you eos may you always be courageous eos stand upright and be strong eos may you stay forever young eos forever young ,  forever young eos may you stay forever young eos  eos may your hands always be busy eos may your feet always be swift eos may you have a strong foundation eos when the winds of changes shift eos may your heart always be joyful eos may your song always be sung eos may you stay forever young eos forever young ,  forever young eos may you stay forever youngshadows are falling and i 've been here all day eos it 's too hot to sleep ,  time is running away eos feel like my soul has turned into steel eos i 've still got the scars that the sun did n't heal eos there 's not even room enough to be anywhere eos it 's not dark yet ,  but it 's getting there eos  eos well ,  my sense of humanity has gone down the drain eos behind every beautiful thing there 's been some kind of pain eos she wrote me a letter and she wrote it so kind eos she put down in writing what was in her mind eos i just do n't see why i should even care eos it 's not dark yet ,  but it 's getting there eos  eos well ,  i 've been to london and i 've been to gay paree eos i 've followed the river and i got to the sea eos i 've been down on the bottom of a world full of lies eos i ai n't looking for nothing in anyone 's eyes eos sometimes my burden seems more than i can bear eos it 's not dark yet ,  but it 's getting there eos  eos i was born here and i 'll die here against my will eos i know it looks like i 'm moving ,  but i 'm standing still eos every nerve in my body is so vacant and numb eos i ca n't even remember what it was i came here to get away from eos do n't even hear a murmur of a prayer eos it 's not dark yet ,  but it 's getting therehighway 51 runs right by my baby 's door eos highway 51 runs right by my baby 's door eos if i do n't get the girl i 'm loving eos wo n't go down to highway 51 no more .  eos  eos well ,  i know that highway like i know my hand eos yes ,  i know that highway like i know the back of my hand eos running from up wisconsin way down to no man 's land .  eos  eos well ,  if i should die before my time should come eos and if i should die before my time should come eos wo n't you bury my body out on the highway 51 .  eos  eos highway 51 runs right by my baby 's door eos i said ,  highway 51 runs right by my baby 's door eos if i do n't get the girl i 'm loving eos wo n't go down to highway 51 no more . oh my name it is nothin '  eos my age it means less eos the country i come from eos is called the midwest eos i 's taught and brought up there eos the laws to abide eos and that the land that i live in eos has god on its side eos  eos oh the history books tell it eos they tell it so well eos the cavalries charged eos the indians fell eos the cavalries charged eos the indians died eos oh the country was young eos with god on its side eos  eos oh the spanish - american eos war had its day eos and the civil war too eos was soon laid away eos and the names of the heroes eos l 's made to memorize eos with guns in their hands eos and god on their side eos  eos oh the first world war ,  boys eos it closed out its fate eos the reason for fighting eos i never got straight eos but i learned to accept it eos accept it with pride eos for you do n't count the dead eos when god 's on your side eos  eos when the second world war eos came to an end eos we forgave the germans eos and we were friends eos though they murdered six million eos in the ovens they fried eos the germans now too eos have god on their side eos  eos i 've learned to hate russians eos all through my whole life eos if another war starts eos it 's them we must fight eos to hate them and fear them eos to run and to hide eos and accept it all bravely eos with god on my side eos  eos but now we got weapons eos of the chemical dust eos if fire them we 're forced to eos then fire them we must eos one push of the button eos and a shot the world wide eos and you never ask questions eos when god 's on your side eos  eos through many dark hour eos i 've been thinkin '  about this eos that jesus christ eos was betrayed by a kiss eos but i ca n't think for you eos you 'll have to decide eos whether judas iscariot eos had god on his side eos  eos so now as i 'm leavin '  eos i 'm weary as hell eos the confusion i 'm feelin '  eos ai n't no tongue can tell eos the words fill my head eos and fall to the floor eos if god 's on our side eos he 'll stop the next wari will not go down under the ground eos  ' cause somebody tells me that death 's comin '   ' round eos an '  i will not carry myself down to die eos when i go to my grave my head will be high eos let me die in my footsteps eos before i go down under the ground eos  eos there 's been rumors of war and wars that have been eos the meaning of life has been lost in the wind eos and some people thinkin '  that the end is close by eos  ' stead of learnin '  to live they are learnin '  to die eos let me die in my footsteps eos before i go down under the ground eos  eos i do n't know if i 'm smart but i think i can see eos when someone is pullin '  the wool over me eos and if this war comes and death 's all around eos let me die on this land  ' fore i die underground eos let me die in my footsteps eos before i go down under the ground eos  eos there 's always been people that have to cause fear eos they 've been talking of the war now for many long years eos i have read all their statements and i 've not said a word eos but now lawd god ,  let my poor voice be heard eos let me die in my footsteps eos before i go down under the ground eos  eos if i had rubies and riches and crowns eos i 'd buy the whole world and change things around eos i 'd throw all the guns and the tanks in the sea eos for they are mistakes of a past history eos let me die in my footsteps eos before i go down under the ground eos  eos let me drink from the waters where the mountain streams flood eos let the smell of wildflowers flow free through my blood eos let me sleep in your meadows with the green grassy leaves eos let me walk down the highway with my brother in peace eos let me die in my footsteps eos before i go down under the ground eos  eos go out in your country where the land meets the sun eos see the craters and the canyons where the waterfalls run eos nevada ,  new mexico ,  arizona ,  idaho eos let every state in this union seep down deep in your souls eos and you 'll die in your footsteps eos before you go down under the groundhow many times have you heard someone say eos if i had his money i 'd do things my way eos hmm ,  but little they know eos hmm ,  it 's so hard to find eos one rich man in ten with a satisfied mind .  eos  eos hmm ,  once i was wadding in fortune and fame eos everything that i dreamed of to get a start in lifes game eos but suddenly it happened eos hmm ,  i lost every dime eos but i 'm richer by far with a satisfied mind .  eos  eos hmm ,  when my life is over and my time has run out eos my friends and my love ones eos i 'll leave there ai n't no doubt eos but one thing for certain eos when it comes my time eos i 'll leave this old world with a satisfied mind . do n't ya tell henry eos apple 's got your fly eos  eos i went down to the river on a saturday morn eos a - lookin '  around just to see who 's born eos i found a little chicken down on his knees eos i went up and yelled to him ,   ' please ,  please ,  please !  '  eos he said ,   ' do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos apple 's got your fly '  eos  eos i went down to the corner at a - half past ten eos i 's lookin '  around ,  i would n't say when eos i looked down low ,  i looked above eos and who did i see but the one i love eos she said ,   ' do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos apple 's got your fly '  eos  eos now ,  i went down to the beanery at half past twelve eos a - lookin '  around just to see myself eos i spotted a horse and a donkey ,  too eos i looked for a cow and i saw me a few eos they said ,   ' do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos apple 's got your fly '  eos  eos now ,  i went down to the pumphouse the other night eos a - lookin '  around ,  it was outa sight eos i looked high and low for that big ol '  tree eos i did go upstairs but i did n't see nobody but me eos i said ,   ' do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos do n't ya tell henry eos apple 's got your fly ' peggy day stole my poor heart away eos by golly ,  what more can i say eos love to spend the night with peggy day eos  eos peggy night makes my future look so bright eos man ,  that girl is out of sight eos love to spend the day with peggy night eos  eos well ,  you know that even before i learned her name eos you know i loved her just the same eos an '  i tell  ' em all ,  wherever i may go eos just so they 'll know ,  that she 's my little lady eos and i love her so eos  eos peggy day stole my poor heart away eos turned my skies to blue from gray eos love to spend the night with peggy day eos  eos peggy day stole my poor heart away eos by golly ,  what more can i say eos love to spend the night with peggy day eos love to spend the night with peggy dayi 'm a rambler ,  i 'm a gambler eos i 'm a long way from my home eos if the people do n't like me eos they can leave me alone eos  eos come sit down beside me eos come sit down right here eos come sit down ,  love ,  i want you eos love you boldly ,  so dear eos  eos when you get to wyoming eos a letter you 'll see eos if you get into trouble eos just you write and tell me eos  eos for i once had a lover eos her age was sixteen eos she 's a flower of velvet and the rose of celine eos  eos her parents was against me eos now she is the same eos if i writ on your book ,  love eos just you blot out my name eos  eos oh there 's changes in the ocean eos there 's changes in the sea eos there 's changes in my true love eos ai n't no change in mei love you pretty baby  eos you 're the only love i 've ever known eos just as long as you stay with me eos the whole world is my throne eos beyond here lies nothin '  eos nothin '  we can call our own eos  eos i 'm movin '  after midnight eos down boulevards of broken cars eos do n't know what to do without it eos without this love that we call ours eos beyond here lies nothin '  eos nothin '  but the moon and stars eos  eos down every street there 's a window eos and every window made of glass eos we 'll keep on lovin '  pretty baby eos for as long as love will last eos beyond here lies nothin '  eos but the mountains of the past eos  eos my ship is in the harbor eos and the sails are spread eos listen to me pretty baby eos lay your hand upon my head eos beyond here lies nothin '  eos nothin '  done and nothin '  saiddo n't ever try to change me ,  eos i been in this thing too long .  eos there 's nothin '  you can say or do eos to make me think i 'm wrong .  eos  eos well ,  i 'm goin '  off to libya ,  eos there 's a guy i gotta see .  eos he 's been living there three years now ,  eos in an oil refinery .  eos i 've got my mind made up .  eos oh ,  i  've got my mind made up .  eos  eos call your ma in tallahassee eos tell her her baby 's on the line .  eos tell her not to worry eos everything is gonna be fine .  eos  eos well ,  i gave you all my money eos all my connections ,  too .  eos there ai n't nothin '  in this world ,  girl eos you can say i did n't give to you .  eos i 've got my mind made up .  eos i 've got my mind made up .  eos  eos you will be alright ,  girl ,  eos someone 's watchin '  over you .  eos he wo n't do nothin '  to you eos baby that i would n't do .  eos  eos well ,  if you do n't want to see me ,  eos look the other way .  eos you do n't have to feed me ,  eos i ai n't your dog that 's gone astray .  eos i got my mind made up eos i got my mind made up eos i got my mind made up eos i got my mind made up eos i got my mind made uplove that 's pure hopes all things eos believes all things ,  wo n't pull no strings eos wo n't sneak up into your room ,  tall ,  dark and handsome eos capture your heart and hold it for ransom eos  eos you do n't want a love that 's pure eos you wanna drown love eos you want a watered - down love eos  eos love that 's pure ,  it do n't make no false claims eos intercedes for you  ' stead of casting you blame eos will not deceive you or lead you into transgression eos wo n't write it up and make you sign a false confession eos  eos you do n't want a love that 's pure eos you wanna drown love eos you want a watered - down love eos  eos love that 's pure wo n't lead you astray eos wo n't hold you back ,  wo n't mess up your day eos wo n't pervert you ,  corrupt you with stupid wishes eos it do n't make you envious ,  it do n't make you suspicious eos  eos you do n't want a love that 's pure eos you wanna drown love eos you want a watered - down love eos  eos love that 's pure ai n't no accident eos always on time ,  is always content eos an eternal flame ,  quietly burning eos never needs to be proud ,  restlessly yearning eos  eos you do n't want a love that 's pure eos you wanna drown love eos you want a watered - down lovethe cat 's in the well ,  the wolf is looking down eos the cat 's in the well ,  the wolf is looking down eos he got his big bushy tail dragging all over the ground eos  eos the cat 's in the well ,  the gentle lady is asleep eos cat 's in the well ,  the gentle lady is asleep eos she ai n't hearing a thing ,  the silence is a - stickin '  her deep eos  eos the cat 's in the well and grief is showing its face eos the world 's being slaughtered and it 's such a bloody disgrace eos  eos the cat 's in the well ,  the horse is going bumpety bump eos the cat 's in the well ,  and the horse is going bumpety bump eos back alley sally is doing the american jump eos  eos the cat 's in the well ,  and papa is reading the news eos his hair 's falling out and all of his daughters need shoes eos  eos the cat 's in the well and the barn is full of bull eos the cat 's in the well and the barn is full of bull eos the night is so long and the table is oh ,  so full eos  eos the cat 's in the well and the servant is at the door eos the drinks are ready and the dogs are going to war eos  eos the cat 's in the well ,  the leaves are starting to fall eos the cat 's in the well ,  leaves are starting to fall eos goodnight ,  my love ,  may the lord have mercy on us alli 'm walking through the summer nights eos jukebox playing low eos yesterday everything was going too fast eos today ,  it 's moving too slow eos i got no place left to turn eos i got nothing left to burn eos do n't know if i saw you ,  if i would kiss you or kill you eos it probably would n't matter to you anyhow eos you left me standing in the doorway ,  crying eos i got nothing to go back to now eos  eos the light in this place is so bad eos making me sick in the head eos all the laughter is just making me sad eos the stars have turned cherry red eos i 'm strumming on my gay guitar eos smoking a cheap cigar eos the ghost of our old love has not gone away eos do n't look like it will anytime soon eos you left me standing in the doorway crying eos under the midnight moon eos  eos maybe they 'll get me and maybe they wo n't eos but not tonight and it wo n't be here eos there are things i could say but i do n't eos i know the mercy of god must be near eos i 've been riding the midnight train eos got ice water in my veins eos i would be crazy if i took you back eos it would go up against every rule eos you left me standing in the doorway ,  crying eos suffering like a fool eos  eos when the last rays of daylight go down eos buddy ,  you 'll roll no more eos i can hear the church bells ringing in the yard eos i wonder who they 're ringing for eos i know i ca n't win eos but my heart just wo n't give in eos last night i danced with a stranger eos but she just reminded me you were the one eos you left me standing in the doorway crying eos in the dark land of the sun eos  eos i 'll eat when i 'm hungry ,  drink when i 'm dry eos and live my life on the square eos and even if the flesh falls off of my face eos i know someone will be there to care eos it always means so much eos even the softest touch eos i see nothing to be gained by any explanation eos there are no words that need to be said eos you left me standing in the doorway crying eos blues wrapped around my headi 've got something to tell you eos i know you 're gonna change your mind eos when things go wrong ,  so wrong with you eos it hurts me too .  eos  eos i want you ,  baby ,  just to understand eos i do n't wanna be your boss ,  baby eos i just wanna be your man eos when things go wrong ,  so wrong with you eos it hurts me too .  eos  eos now when you go home ,  you do n't have to get along eos come back to me ,  baby eos where i live that 's where you belong eos when things go wrong ,  so wrong with you eos it hurts me too .  eos  eos i love you baby ,  and you know that it 's true eos i would n't mistreat you ,  baby eos nothing in this world is like you eos yes ,  when things go wrong ,  so wrong with you eos it hurts me too eos when things go wrong ,  so wrong with you eos it hurts me too .  eos  eos so run here baby ,  put your little hands in mine eos i 've got something to tell you ,  baby eos i know you 're gonna change your mind eos when things go wrong ,  so wrong with you eos do n't you know ,  really ,  do n't you eos know it hurts me too . i ca n't wait ,  wait for you to change your mind eos it 's late ,  i 'm trying to walk the line eos well ,  it 's way past midnight and there are people all around eos some on their way up ,  some on their way down eos the air burns and i 'm trying to think straight eos and i do n't know how much longer i can wait eos  eos i 'm your man ,  i 'm trying to recover the sweet love that we knew eos you understand that my heart ca n't go on beating without you eos well ,  your loveliness has wounded me ,  i 'm reeling from the blow eos i wish i knew what it was keeps me loving you so eos i 'm breathing hard ,  standing at the gate eos but i do n't know how much longer i can wait eos  eos skies are grey ,  i 'm looking for anything that will bring a happy glow eos night or day ,  it does n't matter where i go anymore ,  i just go eos if i ever saw you coming i do n't know what i would do eos i 'd like to think i could control myself ,  but it is n't true eos that 's how it is when things disintegrate eos and i do n't know how much longer i can wait eos  eos i 'm doomed to love you ,  i 've been rolling through stormy weather eos i 'm thinking of you and all the places we could roam together eos  eos it 's mighty funny ,  the end of time has just begun eos oh ,  honey ,  after all these years you 're still the one eos while i 'm strolling through the lonely graveyard of my mind eos i left my life with you somewhere back there along the line eos i thought somehow that i would be spared this fate eos but i do n't know how much longer i can waitinstrumentalman thinks  ' cause he rules the earth he can do with it as he please eos and if things do n't change soon ,  he will eos oh ,  man has invented his doom eos first step was touching the moon eos  eos now ,  there 's a woman on my block eos she just sit there as the night grows still eos she say who gonna take away his license to kill ?  eos  eos now ,  they take him and they teach him and they groom him for life eos and they set him on a path where he 's bound to get ill eos then they bury him with stars eos sell his body like they do used cars eos  eos now ,  there 's a woman on my block eos she just sit there facin '  the hill eos she say who gonna take away his license to kill ?  eos  eos now ,  he 's hell - bent for destruction ,  he 's afraid and confused eos and his brain has been mismanaged with great skill eos all he believes are his eyes eos and his eyes ,  they just tell him lies eos  eos but there 's a woman on my block eos sitting there in a cold chill eos she say who gonna take away his license to kill ?  eos  eos ya may be a noisemaker ,  spirit maker eos heartbreaker ,  backbreaker eos leave no stone unturned eos may be an actor in a plot eos that might be all that you got eos  ' til your error you clearly learn eos  eos now he worships at an altar of a stagnant pool eos and when he sees his reflection ,  he 's fulfilled eos oh ,  man is opposed to fair play eos he wants it all and he wants it his way eos  eos now ,  there 's a woman on my block eos she just sit there as the night grows still eos she say who gonna take away his license to kill ? instrumentalwhen you 're lost in the rain in juarez eos and it 's eastertime too eos and your gravity fails eos and negativity do n't pull you through eos do n't put on any airs eos when you 're down on rue morgue avenue eos they got some hungry women there eos and they really make a mess outta you eos  eos now if you see saint annie eos please tell her thanks a lot eos i cannot move eos my fingers are all in a knot eos i do n't have the strength eos to get up and take another shot eos and my best friend ,  my doctor eos wo n't even say what it is i 've got eos  eos sweet melinda eos the peasants call her the goddess of gloom eos she speaks good english eos and she invites you up into her room eos and you 're so kind eos and careful not to go to her too soon eos and she takes your voice eos and leaves you howling at the moon eos  eos up on housing project hill eos it 's either fortune or fame eos you must pick up one or the other eos though neither of them are to be what they claim eos if you 're lookin '  to get silly eos you better go back to from where you came eos because the cops do n't need you eos and man they expect the same eos  eos now all the authorities eos they just stand around and boast eos how they blackmailed the sergeant - at - arms eos into leaving his post eos and picking up angel who eos just arrived here from the coast eos who looked so fine at first eos but left looking just like a ghost eos  eos i started out on burgundy eos but soon hit the harder stuff eos everybody said they 'd stand behind me eos when the game got rough eos but the joke was on me eos there was nobody even there to call my bluff eos i 'm going back to new york city eos i do believe i 've had enoughwell ,  the neighborhood bully ,  he 's just one man eos his enemies say he 's on their land eos they got him outnumbered about a million to one eos he got no place to escape to ,  no place to run eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos the neighborhood bully just lives to survive eos he 's criticized and condemned for being alive eos he 's not supposed to fight back ,  he 's supposed to have thick skin eos he 's supposed to lay down and die when his door is kicked in eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos the neighborhood bully been driven out of every land eos he 's wandered the earth an exiled man eos seen his family scattered ,  his people hounded and torn eos he 's always on trial for just being born eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos well ,  he knocked out a lynch mob ,  he was criticized eos old women condemned him ,  said he should apologize .  eos then he destroyed a bomb factory ,  nobody was glad eos the bombs were meant for him .  he was supposed to feel bad eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos well ,  the chances are against it and the odds are slim eos that he 'll live by the rules that the world makes for him eos  ' cause there 's a noose at his neck and a gun at his back eos and a license to kill him is given out to every maniac eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos he got no allies to really speak of eos what he gets he must pay for ,  he do n't get it out of love eos he buys obsolete weapons and he wo n't be denied eos but no one sends flesh and blood to fight by his side eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos well ,  he 's surrounded by pacifists who all want peace eos they pray for it nightly that the bloodshed must cease eos now ,  they would n't hurt a fly .  to hurt one they would weep eos they lay and they wait for this bully to fall asleep eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos every empire that 's enslaved him is gone eos egypt and rome ,  even the great babylon eos he 's made a garden of paradise in the desert sand eos in bed with nobody ,  under no one 's command eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos now his holiest books have been trampled upon eos no contract he signed was worth what it was written on eos he took the crumbs of the world and he turned it into wealth eos took sickness and disease and he turned it into health eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos what 's anybody indebted to him for ?  eos nothin '  ,  they say .  he just likes to cause war eos pride and prejudice and superstition indeed eos they wait for this bully like a dog waits to feed eos he 's the neighborhood bully eos  eos what has he done to wear so many scars ?  eos does he change the course of rivers ?  does he pollute the moon and stars ?  eos neighborhood bully ,  standing on the hill eos running out the clock ,  time standing still eos neighborhood bullyoh ,  the gentlemen are talking and the midnight moon is on the riverside eos they 're drinking up and walking and it is time for me to slide eos i live in another world where life and death are memorized eos where the earth is strung with lovers '  pearls and all i see are dark eyes eos  eos a cock is crowing far away and another soldier 's deep in prayer eos some mother 's child has gone astray ,  she ca n't find him anywhere eos but i can hear another drum beating for the dead that rise eos whom nature 's beast fears as they come and all i see are dark eyes eos  eos they tell me to be discreet for all intended purposes ,  eos they tell me revenge is sweet and from where they stand ,  i 'm sure it is .  eos but i feel nothing for their game where beauty goes unrecognized ,  eos all i feel is heat and flame and all i see are dark eyes .  eos  eos oh ,  the french girl ,  she 's in paradise and a drunken man is at the wheel eos hunger pays a heavy price to the falling gods of speed and steel eos oh ,  time is short and the days are sweet and passion rules the arrow that flies eos a million faces at my feet but all i see are dark eyesinstrumentalthrow my ticket out the window eos throw my suitcase out there ,  too eos throw my troubles out the door eos i do n't need them anymore eos  ' cause tonight i 'll be staying here with you eos  eos i should have left this town this morning eos but it was more than i could do eos oh ,  your love comes on so strong eos and i 've waited all day long eos for tonight when i 'll be staying here with you eos  eos is it really any wonder eos the love that a stranger might receive eos you cast your spell and i went under eos i find it so difficult to leave eos  eos i can hear that whistle blowin '  eos i see that stationmaster ,  too eos if there 's a poor boy on the street eos then let him have my seat eos  ' cause tonight i 'll be staying here with you eos  eos throw my ticket out the window eos throw my suitcase out there ,  too eos throw my troubles out the door eos i do n't need them anymore eos  ' cause tonight i 'll be staying here with youi ai n't gonna work on maggie 's farm no more eos no ,  i ai n't gonna work on maggie 's farm no more eos well ,  i wake in the morning eos fold my hands and pray for rain eos i got a head full of ideas eos that are drivin '  me insane eos it 's a shame the way she makes me scrub the floor eos i ai n't gonna work on maggie 's farm no more eos  eos i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's brother no more eos no ,  i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's brother no more eos well ,  he hands you a nickel eos he hands you a dime eos he asks you with a grin eos if you 're havin '  a good time eos then he fines you every time you slam the door eos i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's brother no more eos  eos i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's pa no more eos no ,  i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's pa no more eos well ,  he puts his cigar eos out in your face just for kicks eos his bedroom window eos it is made out of bricks eos the national guard stands around his door eos ah ,  i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's pa no more eos  eos i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's ma no more eos no ,  i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's ma no more eos well ,  she talks to all the servants eos about man and god and law eos everybody says eos she 's the brains behind pa eos she 's sixty - eight ,  but she says she 's twenty - four eos i ai n't gonna work for maggie 's ma no more eos  eos i ai n't gonna work on maggie 's farm no more eos no ,  i ai n't gonna work on maggie 's farm no more eos well ,  i try my best eos to be just like i am eos but everybody wants you eos to be just like them eos they sing while you slave and i just get bored eos i ai n't gonna work on maggie 's farm no morejohn brown went off to war to fight on a foreign shore eos his mama sure was proud of him !  eos he stood straight and tall in his uniform and all eos his mama 's face broke out all in a grin eos  eos  ' oh son ,  you look so fine ,  i 'm glad you 're a son of mine eos you make me proud to know you hold a gun eos do what the captain says ,  lots of medals you will get eos and we 'll put them on the wall when you come home '  eos  eos as that old train pulled out ,  john 's ma began to shout eos tellin '  ev ' ryone in the neighborhood :  eos  ' that 's my son that 's about to go ,  he 's a soldier now ,  you know '  eos she made well sure her neighbors understood eos  eos she got a letter once in a while and her face broke into a smile eos as she showed them to the people from next door eos and she bragged about her son with his uniform and gun eos and these things you called a good old - fashioned war eos  eos oh !  good old - fashioned war !  eos  eos then the letters ceased to come ,  for a long time they did not come eos they ceased to come for about ten months or more eos then a letter finally came saying ,   ' go down and meet the train eos your son 's a - coming home from the war '  eos  eos she smiled and went right down ,  she looked everywhere around eos but she could not see her soldier son in sight eos but as all the people passed ,  she saw her son at last eos when she did she could hardly believe her eyes eos  eos oh his face was all shot up and his hand was all blown off eos and he wore a metal brace around his waist eos he whispered kind of slow ,  in a voice she did not know eos while she could n't even recognize his face !  eos  eos oh !  lord !  not even recognize his face eos  eos  ' oh tell me ,  my darling son ,  pray tell me what they done eos how is it you come to be this way ?  '  eos he tried his best to talk but his mouth could hardly move eos and the mother had to turn her face away eos  eos  ' do n't you remember ,  ma ,  when i went off to war eos you thought it was the best thing i could do ?  eos i was on the battleground ,  you were home  .   .   .  acting proud eos you was n't there standing in my shoes '  eos  eos  ' oh ,  and i thought when i was there ,  god ,  what am i doing here ?  eos i 'm a - tryin '  to kill somebody or die tryin '  eos but the thing that scared me most was when my enemy came close eos and i saw that his face looked just like mine '  eos  eos oh !  lord !  just like mine !  eos  eos  ' and i could n't help but think ,  through the thunder rolling and stink eos that i was just a puppet in a play eos and through the roar and smoke ,  this string is finally broke eos and a cannonball blew my eyes away '  eos  eos as he turned away to walk ,  his ma was still in shock eos at seein '  the metal brace that helped him stand eos but as he turned to go ,  he called his mother close eos and he dropped his medals down into her handwell ,  i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos and ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos come on brothers ,  join the band eos come on sisters ,  clap your hands eos tell everybody that 's in the land eos you ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos well ,  i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos and ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos brown and blue and white and black eos all one color on the one - way track eos we got this far and ai n't a - goin '  back eos and i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos well ,  i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos we 're gonna notify your next of kin eos you 're gonna raise the roof until the house falls in eos if you get knocked down get up again eos we ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos well ,  i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos we 'll sing this song all night long eos sing it to my baby from midnight on eos she 'll sing it to you when i 'm dead and gone eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more eos  eos well ,  i ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos ai n't a - gonna grieve no more ,  no more eos i ai n't a - gonna grieve no morein the lonely night eos in the blinking stardust of a pale blue light eos you 're comin '  thru to me in black and white eos when we were made of dreams eos  eos you 're blowing down the shaky street eos you 're hearing my heart beat eos in the record - breaking heat eos where we were born in time eos  eos not one more night ,  not one more kiss eos not this time baby ,  no more of this eos takes too much skill ,  takes too much will eos it 's revealing eos you came ,  you saw ,  just like the law eos you married young ,  just like your ma eos you tried and tried ,  you made me slide eos you left me reelin '  with this feelin '  eos  eos on the rising curve eos where the ways of nature will test every nerve eos you wo n't get anything you do n't deserve eos where we were born in time eos  eos you pressed me once ,  you pressed me twice eos you hang the flame ,  you 'll pay the price eos oh babe ,  that fire eos is still smokin '  eos you were snow ,  you were rain eos you were striped ,  you were plain eos oh babe ,  truer words eos have not been spoken or broken eos  eos in the hills of mystery eos in the foggy web of destiny eos you can have what 's left of me eos where we were born in timewell ,  i woke up in the morning eos there 's frogs inside my socks eos your mama ,  she 's a - hidin '  eos inside the icebox eos your daddy walks in wearin '  eos a napoleon bonaparte mask eos then you ask why i do n't live here eos honey ,  do you have to ask ?  eos  eos well ,  i go to pet your monkey eos i get a face full of claws eos i ask who 's in the fireplace eos and you tell me santa claus eos the milkman comes in eos he 's wearing a derby hat eos then you ask why i do n't live here eos honey ,  how come you have to ask me that ?  eos  eos well ,  i asked for something to eat eos i 'm hungry as a hog eos so i get brown rice ,  seaweed eos and a dirty hot dog eos i 've got a hole eos where my stomach disappeared eos then you ask why i do n't live here eos honey ,  i gotta think you 're really weird eos  eos your grandpa 's cane eos it turns into a sword eos your grandma prays to pictures eos that are pasted on a board eos everything inside my pockets eos your uncle steals eos then you ask why i do n't live here eos honey ,  i ca n't believe that you 're for real eos  eos well ,  there 's fistfights in the kitchen eos they 're enough to make me cry eos the mailman comes in eos even he 's gotta take a side eos even the butler eos he 's got something to prove eos then you ask why i do n't live here eos honey ,  how come you do n't move ? mm ,  tell mama    eos where 'd ya sleep last night ?  eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos hey ,  tell me baby eos what 's the matter here ?  eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos hey ,  stop you ol '  train eos let a poor boy ride eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos hey ,  mister bartender eos i swear i 'm not too young eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos  eos blow your whistle ,  policeman eos my poor feet are trained to run eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos long - distance operator eos i hear this phone call is on the house eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos ashes and diamonds eos the diff ' rence i cai n't see eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos mister judge and jury eos cai n't you see the shape i 'm in ?  eos do n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hm eos  eos mississippi river eos you a - runnin '  too fast for me eos cai n't ya hear me cryin '  ?  eos hm ,  hm ,  hmin the still of the night ,  in the world 's ancient light eos where wisdom grows up in strife eos my bewildering brain ,  toils in vain eos through the darkness on the pathways of life eos each invisible prayer is like a cloud in the air eos tomorrow keeps turning around eos we live and we die ,  we know not why eos but i 'll be with you when the deal goes down  eos  eos we eat and we drink ,  we feel and we think eos far down the street we stray eos i laugh and i cry and i 'm haunted by eos things i never meant nor wished to say eos the midnight rain follows the train eos we all wear the same thorny crown eos soul to soul ,  our shadows roll eos and i 'll be with you when the deal goes down eos  eos the moon gives light and shines by night eos i scarcely feel the glow eos we learn to live and then we forgive eos o ' er the road we 're bound to go eos more frailer than the flowers ,  these precious hours eos that keep us so tightly bound eos you come to my eyes like a vision from the skies eos and i 'll be with you when the deal goes down eos  eos i picked up a rose and it poked through my clothes eos i followed the winding stream eos i heard a deafening noise ,  i felt transient joys eos i know they 're not what they seem eos in this earthly domain ,  full of disappointment and pain eos you 'll never see me frown eos i owe my heart to you ,  and that 's sayin '  it true eos and i 'll be with you when the deal goes down ' twas in another lifetime ,  one of toil and blood eos when blackness was a virtue and the road was full of mud eos i came in from the wilderness ,  a creature void of form eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos and if i pass this way again ,  you can rest assured eos i 'll always do my best for her ,  on that i give my word eos in a world of steel - eyed death ,  and men who are fighting to be warm eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos not a word was spoke between us ,  there was little risk involved eos everything up to that point had been left unresolved eos try imagining a place where it 's always safe and warm eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos i was burned out from exhaustion ,  buried in the hail eos poisoned in the bushes an '  blown out on the trail eos hunted like a crocodile ,  ravaged in the corn eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos suddenly i turned around and she was standin '  there eos with silver bracelets on her wrists and flowers in her hair eos she walked up to me so gracefully and took my crown of thorns eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos now there 's a wall between us ,  somethin '  there 's been lost eos i took too much for granted ,  got my signals crossed eos just to think that it all began on a long - forgotten morn eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos well ,  the deputy walks on hard nails and the preacher rides a mount eos but nothing really matters much ,  it 's doom alone that counts eos and the one - eyed undertaker ,  he blows a futile horn eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos i 've heard newborn babies wailin '  like a mournin '  dove eos and old men with broken teeth stranded without love eos do i understand your question ,  man ,  is it hopeless and forlorn ?  eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos in a little hilltop village ,  they gambled for my clothes eos i bargained for salvation an '  they gave me a lethal dose eos i offered up my innocence and got repaid with scorn eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm '  eos  eos well ,  i 'm livin '  in a foreign country but i 'm bound to cross the line eos beauty walks a razor 's edge ,  someday i 'll make it mine eos if i could only turn back the clock to when god and her were born eos  ' come in ,  '  she said ,   ' i 'll give you shelter from the storm ' well you 're comin '  down high street ,  walkin '  in the sun eos you make the dead man rise ,  and holler she 's the one eos jolene ,  jolene eos baby ,  i am the king and you 're the queen eos  eos well it 's a long old highway ,  do n't ever end eos i 've got a saturday night special ,  i 'm back again eos i 'll sleep by your door ,  lay my life on the line eos you probably do n't know ,  but i 'm gonna make you mine eos jolene ,  jolene      eos baby ,  i am the king and you 're the queen eos  eos i keep my hands in my pocket ,  i 'm movin '  along eos people think they know ,  but they 're all wrong eos you 're something nice ,  i 'm gonna grab my dice eos i ca n't say i have n't paid the price eos jolene ,  jolene eos baby i am the king and you 're the queen eos  eos well i found out the hard way ,  i 've had my fill eos you ca n't find somebody with his back to a hill eos those big brown eyes ,  they set off a spark eos when you hold me in your arms things do n't look so dark eos jolene ,  jolene eos baby i am the king and you 're the queenlet me in here ,  i know i 've been here eos let me into your heart eos let me know you ,  let me show you eos let me roll it to you eos all i have is yours eos all you see is mine eos and i 'm glad to have you in my arms eos i 'd have you any time eos  eos let me say it ,  let me play it eos let me lay it on you eos let me know you ,  let me show you eos let me grow it on you eos all i have is yours eos all you see is mine eos and i 'm glad to have you in my arms eos i 'd have you any time eos  eos let me in here ,  i know i 've been here eos let me into your heart eos let me know you ,  let me show you eos let me roll it to you eos all i have is yours eos all you see is mine eos and i 'm glad to have you in my arms eos i 'd have you any timemy name is donald white ,  you see eos i stand before you all eos i was judged by you a murderer eos and the hangman 's knot must fall eos i will die upon the gallows pole eos when the moon is shining clear eos and these are my final words eos that you will ever hear eos  eos i left my home in kansas eos when i was very young eos i landed in the old northwest eos seattle ,  washington eos although i 'd a - traveled many miles eos i never made a friend eos for i could never get along in life eos with people that i met eos  eos if i had some education eos to give me a decent start eos i might have been a doctor or eos a master in the arts eos but i used my hands for stealing eos when i was very young eos and they locked me down in jailhouse cells eos that 's how my life begun eos  eos oh ,  the inmates and the prisoners eos i found they were my kind eos and it was there inside the bars eos i found my peace of mind eos but the jails they were too crowded eos institutions overflowed eos so they turned me loose to walk upon eos life 's hurried tangled road eos  eos and there 's danger on the ocean eos where the salt sea waves split high eos and there 's danger on the battlefield eos where the shells of bullets fly eos and there 's danger in this open world eos where men strive to be free eos and for me the greatest danger eos was in society eos  eos so i asked them to send me back eos to the institution home eos but they said they were too crowded eos for me they had no room eos i got down on my knees and begged eos  ' oh ,  please put me away '  eos but they would not listen to my plea eos or nothing i would say eos  eos and so it was on christmas eve eos in the year of  ' 59 eos it was on that night i killed a man eos i did not try to hide eos the jury found me guilty eos and i wo n't disagree eos for i knew that it would happen eos if i was n't put away eos  eos and i 'm glad i 've had no parents eos to care for me or cry eos for now they will never know eos the horrible death i die eos and i 'm also glad i 've had no friends eos to see me in disgrace eos for they 'll never see that hangman 's hood eos wrap around my face eos  eos farewell unto the old north woods eos of which i used to roam eos farewell unto the crowded bars eos of which 've been my home eos farewell to all you people eos who think the worst of me eos i guess you 'll feel much better when eos i 'm on that hanging tree eos  eos but there 's just one question eos before they kill me dead eos i 'm wondering just how much eos to you i really said eos concerning all the boys that come eos down a road like me eos are they enemies or victims eos of your society ? 1 . 	frankie was a good girl .  eos everybody knows .  eos for albert 's new suite of clothes .  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos 2 . 	albert said ,   " i 'm leaving you .  eos wo n't be gone for long .  eos do n't wait for me .  eos a - worry about me when i 'm gone .  "  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos 3 . 	frankie went down to the corner saloon .  eos get a bucket of beer .  eos said to the bartender .  eos  " has my lovin '  man been here ?  "  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos instrumental eos  eos 4 . 	 " well ,  i ai n't gonna tell you no stories .  eos i ai n't gonna tell you no lies .  eos i saw albert an hour ago .  eos with a gal named alice bly .  "  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos 5 . 	frankie went down to 12th street .  eos lookin '  up through the window high .  eos she saw her albert there .  eos lovein '  up alice bly .  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos instrumental eos  eos 6 . 	frankie pulled out a pistol .  eos pulled out a forty - four .  eos gun went off a rootie - toot - toot eos and albert fell on the floor .  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos 7 . 	frankie got down upon her knees .  eos took albert into her lap .  eos started to hug and kiss him .  eos but there was no bringin '  him back .  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos instrumental eos  eos 8 . 	 " gimme a thousand policemen .  eos throw me into a cell .  eos i shot my albert dead .  eos and now i 'm goin '  to hell .  eos he was her man but he done me wrong .  "  eos  eos 9 . 	judge said to the jury .  eos  " plain as a thing can be .  eos a woman shot her lover down .  eos murder in the second degree .  "  eos he was her man but he done her wrong .  eos  eos instrumental eos  eos 10 . 	frankie went to the scaffold .  eos calm as a girl could be .  eos turned her eyes up towards the heavens .  eos said ,   " nearer ,  my god ,  to thee .  "  eos he was her man but he done her wrong . there 's an iron train a - travelin '  that 's been a - rollin '  through the years eos with a firebox of hatred and a furnace full of fears eos if you ever heard its sound or seen its blood - red broken frame eos then you heard my voice a - singin '  and you know my name eos  eos did you ever stop to wonder  ' bout the hatred that it holds ?  eos did you ever see its passengers ,  its crazy mixed - up souls ?  eos did you ever start a - thinkin '  that you gotta stop that train ?  eos then you heard my voice a - singin '  and you know my name eos  eos do you ever get tired of the preachin '  sounds of fear eos when they 're hammered at your head and pounded in your ear ?  eos have you ever asked about it and not been answered plain ?  eos then you heard my voice a - singin '  and you know my name eos  eos i 'm a - wonderin '  if the leaders of the nations understand eos this murder - minded world that they 're leavin '  in my hands eos have you ever laid awake at night and wondered  ' bout the same ?  eos then you 've heard my voice a - singin '  and you know my name eos  eos have you ever had it on your lips or said it in your head eos that the person standin '  next to you just might be misled ?  eos does the raving of the maniacs make your insides go insane ?  eos then you 've heard my voice a - singin '  and you know my name eos  eos do the kill - crazy bandits and the haters get you down ?  eos does the preachin '  and the politics spin your head around ?  eos does the burning of the buses give your heart a pain ?  eos then you 've heard my voice a - singin '  and you know my namei took you home from a party and we kissed in fun eos a few stolen kisses and no harm was done eos instead of stopping when we could we went right on  eos till suddenly we found that the brakes were gone .  eos  eos you belong to someone else ,  and i do too eos it 's just crazy bein '  here with you eos as a bad motorcycle with the devil in the seat eos going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street eos ninety miles an hour down a dead end street .  eos  eos i did n't want to want you ,  but now i have no choice eos it 's too late to listen to that warning voice eos all i hear is thunder of two hearts beat eos going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street eos ninety miles an hour down a dead end street .  eos  eos you 're not free to belong to me eos and you know i could never be your own eos your lips on mine are like a sweet ,  sweet wine eos but we 're heading for a wall of stone .  eos  eos warning signs are flashing ev ' ry where ,  but we pay no heed eos  ' stead of slowing down the place ,  we keep a pickin '  up speed eos disaster 's getting closer ev ' ry time we meet eos going ninety miles an hour down a dead end street eos yeah ,  ninety miles an hour down a dead end street eos well ,  ninety miles an hour down a dead end street . well ,  i had to go down and see a guy named mr .  goldsmith eos a nasty ,  dirty ,  double - crossin '  ,  backstabbin '  phony i did n't wanna have to be dealin '  with eos but i did it for you and all you gave me was a smile eos well ,  i cried for you—now it 's your turn to cry awhile eos  eos i do n't carry deadweight—i 'm no flash in the pan eos all right ,  i 'll set you straight ,  ca n't you see i 'm a union man ?  eos i 'm lettin '  the cat out of the cage ,  i 'm keeping a low profile eos well ,  i cried for you—now it 's your turn ,  you can cry awhile eos  eos feel like a fighting rooster—feel better than i ever felt eos but the pennsylvania line 's in an awful mess and the denver road is about to melt eos i went to the church house ,  every day i go an extra mile eos well ,  i cried for you—now it 's your turn ,  you can cry awhile eos  eos last night  ' cross the alley there was a pounding on the walls eos it must have been don pasqualli makin '  a two a . m .  booty call eos to break a trusting heart like mine was just your style eos well ,  i cried for you—now it 's your turn to cry awhile eos  eos i 'm on the fringes of the night ,  fighting back tears that i ca n't control eos some people they ai n't human ,  they got no heart or soul eos well ,  i 'm crying to the lord—i 'm tryin '  to be meek and mild eos yes ,  i cried for you—now it 's your turn ,  you can cry awhile eos  eos well ,  there 's preachers in the pulpits and babies in the cribs eos i 'm longin '  for that sweet fat that sticks to your ribs eos i 'm gonna buy me a barrel of whiskey—i 'll die before i turn senile eos well ,  i cried for you—now it 's your turn ,  you can cry awhile eos  eos well ,  you bet on a horse and it ran on the wrong way eos i always said you 'd be sorry and today could be the day eos i might need a good lawyer ,  could be your funeral ,  my trial eos well ,  i cried for you ,  now it 's your turn ,  you can cry awhileborn in red hook ,  brooklyn ,  in the year of who knows when eos opened up his eyes to the tune of an accordion eos always on the outside of whatever side there was eos when they asked him why it had to be that way ,   ' well ,  '  he answered ,  eos  ' just because '  eos  eos larry was the oldest ,  joey was next to last eos they called joe  ' crazy ,  '  the baby they called  ' kid blast '  eos some say they lived off gambling and runnin '  numbers too eos it always seemed they got caught between the mob and the men in blue eos  eos joey ,  joey eos king of the streets ,  child of clay eos joey ,  joey eos what made them want to come and blow you away ?  eos  eos there was talk they killed their rivals ,  but the truth was far from that eos no one ever knew for sure where they were really at eos when they tried to strangle larry ,  joey almost hit the roof eos he went out that night to seek revenge ,  thinkin '  he was bulletproof eos  eos the war broke out at the break of dawn ,  it emptied out the streets eos joey and his brothers suffered terrible defeats eos till they ventured out behind the lines and took five prisoners eos they stashed them away in a basement ,  called them amateurs eos  eos the hostages were tremblin '  when they heard a man exclaim eos  ' let 's blow this place to kingdom come ,  let con edison take the blame '  eos but joey stepped up ,  he raised his hand ,  said ,   ' we 're not those kind of men eos it 's peace and quiet that we need to go back to work again '  eos  eos joey ,  joey eos king of the streets ,  child of clay eos joey ,  joey eos what made them want to come and blow you away ?  eos  eos the police department hounded him ,  they called him mr .  smith eos they got him on conspiracy ,  they were never sure who with eos  ' what time is it ?  '  said the judge to joey when they met eos  ' five to ten ,  '  said joey .  the judge says ,   ' that 's exactly what you get '  eos  eos he did ten years in attica ,  reading nietzsche and wilhelm reich eos they threw him in the hole one time for tryin '  to stop a strike eos his closest friends were black men  ' cause they seemed to understand eos what it 's like to be in society with a shackle on your hand eos  eos when they let him out in  ' 71 he 'd lost a little weight eos but he dressed like jimmy cagney and i swear he did look great eos he tried to find the way back into the life he left behind eos to the boss he said ,   ' i have returned and now i want what 's mine '  eos  eos joey ,  joey eos king of the streets ,  child of clay eos joey ,  joey eos why did they have to come and blow you away ?  eos  eos it was true that in his later years he would not carry a gun eos  ' i 'm around too many children ,  '  he 'd say ,   ' they should never know of one '  eos yet he walked right into the clubhouse of his lifelong deadly foe eos emptied out the register ,  said ,   ' tell  ' em it was crazy joe '  eos  eos one day they blew him down in a clam bar in new york eos he could see it comin '  through the door as he lifted up his fork eos he pushed the table over to protect his family eos then he staggered out into the streets of little italy eos  eos joey ,  joey eos king of the streets ,  child of clay eos joey ,  joey eos what made them want to come and blow you away ?  eos  eos sister jacqueline and carmela and mother mary all did weep eos i heard his best friend frankie say ,   ' he ai n't dead ,  he 's just asleep '  eos then i saw the old man 's limousine head back towards the grave eos i guess he had to say one last goodbye to the son that he could not save eos  eos the sun turned cold over president street and the town of brooklyn mourned eos they said a mass in the old church near the house where he was born eos and someday if god 's in heaven overlookin '  his preserve eos i know the men that shot him down will get what they deserve eos  eos joey ,  joey eos king of the streets ,  child of clay eos joey ,  joey eos what made them want to come and blow you away ? there 's guns across the river about to pound you eos there 's a lawman on your trail like to surround you eos bounty hunters are dancing all around you eos billy ,  they do n't like you to be so free .  eos  eos camping out all night on the veranda eos walking in the streets down by the hacienda eos up to boot hill the like to send you eos billy ,  do n't you turn your back on me .  eos  eos there 's mills inside the minds of crazy faces eos bullet holes and rifles in their cases eos there is always one more notch in four more aces eos billy ,  and you 're playing all alone .  eos  eos playing around with some sweet signorita eos into her dark chamber she will greet you eos in the shadows of the maizes she will lead you eos billy ,  and you 're going all alone .  eos  eos they say that pat garrett 's got your number eos so sleep with one eye open ,  when you wander eos every little sound just might be thunder eos thunder from the barrel of his gun .  eos  eos there 's always another stranger sneaking glances eos some trigger - happy fool willing to take chances eos some old whore from san pedro 'll make advances eos advances on your spirit and your soul .  eos  eos the businessmen from taos want you to go down eos so they 've hired mister garrett ,  he 'll force you to slow down eos billy ,  do n't let it make you feel so low down eos to be hunted by the man who was your friend .  eos  eos so hang on to your woman ,  if you got one eos remember in el paso once you shot one eos i 'll be in santa fe about one eos billy ,  you 've been running for so long .  eos  eos gypsy queens will play your grand finale eos way down in some tularosa alley eos maybe in la rio pecas valley eos billy ,  you 're so far away from home eos billy ,  you 're so far away from homesomethin '  about you that i ca n't shake eos do n't know how much more of this i can take eos baby ,  i 'm under your spell eos  eos i was knocked out and loaded in the naked night eos when my last dream exploded ,  i noticed your light eos baby ,  oh what a story i could tell eos  eos it 's been nice seeing you ,  you read me like a book eos if you ever want to reach me ,  you know where to look eos baby ,  i 'll be at the same hotel eos  eos i 'd like to help you but i 'm in a bit of a jam eos i 'll call you tomorrow if there 's phones where i am eos baby ,  caught between heaven and hell eos  eos but i will be back ,  i will survive eos you 'll never get rid of me as long as you 're alive eos baby ,  ca n't you tell eos  eos well it 's four in the morning by the sound of the birds eos i 'm starin '  at your picture ,  i 'm hearin '  your words eos baby ,  they ring in my head like a bell eos  eos everywhere you go it 's enough to break hearts eos someone always gets hurt ,  a fire always starts eos you were too hot to handle ,  you were breaking every vow eos i trusted you baby ,  you can trust me now eos  eos turn back baby ,  wipe your eye eos do n't think i 'm leaving here without a kiss goodbye eos baby ,  is there anything left to tell ?  eos  eos i 'll see you later when i 'm not so out of my head eos maybe next time i 'll let the dead bury the dead eos baby ,  what more can i tell ?  eos  eos well the desert is hot ,  the mountain is cursed eos pray that i do n't die of thirst eos baby ,  two feet from the wellonce upon a time you dressed so fine eos you threw the bums a dime in your prime ,  did n't you ?  eos people 'd call ,  say ,   ' beware doll ,  you 're bound to fall '  eos you thought they were all kiddin '  you eos you used to laugh about eos everybody that was hangin '  out eos now you do n't talk so loud eos now you do n't seem so proud eos about having to be scrounging for your next meal eos  eos how does it feel eos how does it feel eos to be without a home eos like a complete unknown eos like a rolling stone ?  eos  eos you 've gone to the finest school all right ,  miss lonely eos but you know you only used to get juiced in it eos and nobody has ever taught you how to live on the street eos and now you find out you 're gonna have to get used to it eos you said you 'd never compromise eos with the mystery tramp ,  but now you realize eos he 's not selling any alibis eos as you stare into the vacuum of his eyes eos and ask him do you want to make a deal ?  eos  eos how does it feel eos how does it feel eos to be on your own eos with no direction home eos like a complete unknown eos like a rolling stone ?  eos  eos you never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns eos when they all come down and did tricks for you eos you never understood that it ai n't no good eos you should n't let other people get your kicks for you eos you used to ride on the chrome horse with your diplomat eos who carried on his shoulder a siamese cat eos ai n't it hard when you discover that eos he really was n't where it 's at eos after he took from you everything he could steal eos  eos how does it feel eos how does it feel eos to be on your own eos with no direction home eos like a complete unknown eos like a rolling stone ?  eos  eos princess on the steeple and all the pretty people eos they 're drinkin '  ,  thinkin '  that they got it made eos exchanging all kinds of precious gifts and things eos but you 'd better lift your diamond ring ,  you 'd better pawn it babe eos you used to be so amused eos at napoleon in rags and the language that he used eos go to him now ,  he calls you ,  you ca n't refuse eos when you got nothing ,  you got nothing to lose eos you 're invisible now ,  you got no secrets to conceal eos  eos how does it feel eos how does it feel eos to be on your own eos with no direction home eos like a complete unknown eos like a rolling stone ? go out yonder ,  peace in the valley eos come downtown ,  have to rumble in the alley eos oh ,  you do n't know the shape i 'm in eos  eos has anybody seen my lady eos this living alone will drive me crazy eos oh ,  you do n't know the shape i 'm in eos  eos  eos i 'm gonna go down by the wa  -  ter eos but i ai n't gonna jump in ,  no ,  no eos i 'll just be looking for my mak  -  er eos and i hear that that 's where she 's been ?  oh !  eos  eos out of nine lives ,  i spent seven eos now ,  how in the world do you get to heaven eos oh ,  you do n't know the shape i 'm in eos  eos i just spent 60 days in the jailhouse eos for the crime of having no dough eos now here i am back out on the street eos for the crime of having nowhere to go eos  eos save your neck or save your brother eos looks like it 's one or the other eos oh ,  you do n't know the shape i 'm in eos  eos now two young kids might start a ruckus eos you know they feel you trying to shuck us eos oh ,  you do n't know the shape i 'm incrimson flames tied through my ears eos rollin '  high and mighty traps eos pounced with fire on flaming roads eos using ideas as my maps eos  ' we 'll meet on edges ,  soon ,  '  said i eos proud  ' neath heated brow eos ah ,  but i was so much older then eos i 'm younger than that now eos  eos half - wracked prejudice leaped forth eos  ' rip down all hate ,  '  i screamed eos lies that life is black and white eos spoke from my skull .  i dreamed eos romantic facts of musketeers eos foundationed deep ,  somehow eos ah ,  but i was so much older then eos i 'm younger than that now eos  eos girls '  faces formed the forward path eos from phony jealousy eos to memorizing politics eos of ancient history eos flung down by corpse evangelists eos unthought of ,  though ,  somehow eos ah ,  but i was so much older then eos i 'm younger than that now eos  eos a self - ordained professor 's tongue eos too serious to fool eos spouted out that liberty eos is just equality in school eos  ' equality ,  '  i spoke the word eos as if a wedding vow eos ah ,  but i was so much older then eos i 'm younger than that now eos  eos in a soldier 's stance ,  i aimed my hand eos at the mongrel dogs who teach eos fearing not that i 'd become my enemy eos in the instant that i preach eos my pathway led by confusion boats eos mutiny from stern to bow eos ah ,  but i was so much older then eos i 'm younger than that now eos  eos yes ,  my guard stood hard when abstract threats eos too noble to neglect eos deceived me into thinking eos i had something to protect eos good and bad ,  i define these terms eos quite clear ,  no doubt ,  somehow eos ah ,  but i was so much older then eos i 'm younger than that nowyou got a lotta nerve eos to say you are my friend eos when i was down eos you just stood there grinning eos  eos you got a lotta nerve eos to say you got a helping hand to lend eos you just want to be on eos the side that 's winning eos  eos you say i let you down eos you know it 's not like that eos if you 're so hurt eos why then do n't you show it eos  eos you say you lost your faith eos but that 's not where it 's at eos you had no faith to lose eos and you know it eos  eos i know the reason eos that you talk behind my back eos i used to be among the crowd eos you 're in with eos  eos do you take me for such a fool eos to think i 'd make contact eos with the one who tries to hide eos what he do n't know to begin with eos  eos you see me on the street eos you always act surprised eos you say ,   ' how are you ?  '   ' good luck '  eos but you do n't mean it eos  eos when you know as well as me eos you 'd rather see me paralyzed eos why do n't you just come out once eos and scream it eos  eos no ,  i do not feel that good eos when i see the heartbreaks you embrace eos if i was a master thief eos perhaps i 'd rob them eos  eos and now i know you 're dissatisfied eos with your position and your place eos do n't you understand eos it 's not my problem eos  eos i wish that for just one time eos you could stand inside my shoes eos and just for that one moment eos i could be you eos  eos yes ,  i wish that for just one time eos you could stand inside my shoes eos you 'd know what a drag it is eos to see youwiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like a gypsy queen eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle all dressed in green eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle  ' til the moon is blue eos wiggle  ' til the moon sees you eos  eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle in your boots and shoes eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle ,  you got nothing to lose eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like a swarm of bees eos wiggle on your hands and knees eos  eos wiggle to the front ,  wiggle to the rear eos wiggle  ' til you wiggle right out of here eos wiggle  ' til it opens ,  wiggle  ' til it shuts eos wiggle  ' til it bites ,  wiggle  ' til it cuts eos  eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like a bowl of soup eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like a rolling hoop eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like a ton of lead eos wiggle—you can raise the dead eos  eos wiggle  ' til you 're high ,  wiggle  ' til you 're higher eos wiggle  ' til you vomit fire eos wiggle  ' til it whispers ,  wiggle  ' til it hums eos wiggle  ' til it answers ,  wiggle  ' til it comes eos  eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like satin and silk eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle like a pail of milk eos wiggle ,  wiggle ,  wiggle ,  rattle and shake eos wiggle like a big fat snakei sang the song slowly eos as she stood in the shadows eos she stepped to the light eos as my silver strings spun eos she called with her eyes eos to the tune i 's a - playin '  eos but the song it was long eos and i 'd only begun eos  eos through a bullet of light eos her face was reflectin '  eos the fast fading words eos that rolled from my tongue eos with a long - distance look eos her eyes was on fire eos but the song it was long eos and there was more to be sung eos  eos my eyes danced a circle eos across her clear outline eos with her head tilted sideways eos she called me again eos as the tune drifted out eos she breathed hard through the echo eos but the song it was long eos and it was far to the end eos  eos i glanced at my guitar eos and played it pretendin '  eos that of all the eyes out there eos i could see none eos as her thoughts pounded hard eos like the pierce of an arrow eos but the song it was long eos and it had to get done eos  eos as the tune finally folded eos i laid down the guitar eos then looked for the girl eos who 'd stayed for so long eos but her shadow was missin '  eos for all of my searchin '  eos so i picked up my guitar eos and began the next songwell ,  i 've already had two beers eos i 'm ready for the broom eos please ,  missus henry ,  wo n't you eos take me to my room ?  eos i 'm a good ol '  boy eos but i 've been sniffin '  too many eggs eos talkin '  to too many people eos drinkin '  too many kegs eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos i 'm down on my knees eos an '  i ai n't got a dime eos  eos well ,  i 'm groanin '  in a hallway eos pretty soon i 'll be mad eos please ,  missus henry ,  wo n't you eos take me to your dad ?  eos i can drink like a fish eos i can crawl like a snake eos i can bite like a turkey eos i can slam like a drake eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos i 'm down on my knees eos an '  i ai n't got a dime eos  eos now ,  do n't crowd me ,  lady eos or i 'll fill up your shoe eos i 'm a sweet bourbon daddy eos an '  tonight i am blue eos i 'm a thousand years old eos and i 'm a generous bomb eos i 'm t - boned and punctured eos but i 'm known to be calm eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos i 'm down on my knees eos an '  i ai n't got a dime eos  eos now ,  i 'm startin '  to drain eos my stool 's gonna squeak eos if i walk too much farther eos my crane 's gonna leak eos look ,  missus henry eos there 's only so much i can do eos why do n't you look my way eos an '  pump me a few ?  eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos please ,  missus henry ,  missus henry ,  please !  eos i 'm down on my knees eos an '  i ai n't got a dimewho 's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?  eos who 's gonna let it roll ?  eos who 's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?  eos who 's gonna let it down easy to save his soul ?  eos  eos oh ,  lucky 's been drivin '  a long ,  long time eos and now he 's stuck on top of the hill eos with twelve forward gears ,  it 's been a long hard climb eos and with all of them ladies ,  though ,  he 's lonely still eos  eos who 's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?  eos who 's gonna let it roll ?  eos who 's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?  eos who 's gonna let it down easy to save his soul ?  eos  eos well ,  he deep in number and heavy in toil eos mighty mockingbird ,  he still has such a heavy load eos beneath his bound ' ries ,  what more can i tell eos with all of his trav ' lin '  ,  but i 'm still on that road eos  eos who 's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?  eos who 's gonna let it roll ?  eos who 's gonna throw that minstrel boy a coin ?  eos who 's gonna let it down easy to save his soul ? tweedle - dee dum and tweedle - dee dee eos they 're throwing knives into the tree eos two big bags of dead man 's bones eos got their noses to the grindstones eos  eos living in the land of nod eos trustin '  their fate to the hands of god eos they pass by so silently eos tweedle - dee dum and tweedle - dee dee eos  eos well ,  they 're going to the country ,  they 're gonna retire eos they 're taking a street car named desire eos looking in the window at the pecan pie eos lot of things they 'd like they would never buy eos  eos neither one gonna turn and run eos they 're making a voyage to the sun eos  ' his master 's voice is calling me '  eos says tweedle - dee dum to tweedle - dee dee eos  eos tweedle - dee dee and tweedle - dee dum eos all that and more and then some eos they walk among the stately trees eos they know the secrets of the breeze eos  eos tweedle - dee dum said to tweedle - dee dee eos  ' your presence is obnoxious to me '  eos they 're like babies sittin '  on a woman 's knee eos tweedle - dee dum and tweedle - dee dee eos  eos well ,  the rain beating down on my window pane eos i got love for you and it 's all in vain eos brains in the pot ,  they 're beginning to boil eos they 're dripping with garlic and olive oil eos  eos tweedle - dee dee—he 's on his hands and his knees eos saying ,   ' throw me somethin '  ,  mister ,  please '  eos  ' what 's good for you is good for me '  eos says tweedle - dee dum to tweedle - dee dee eos  eos well ,  they 're living in a happy harmony eos tweedle - dee dum and tweedle - dee dee eos they 're one day older and a dollar short eos they 've got a parade permit and a police escort eos  eos they 're lying low and they 're makin '  hay eos they seem determined to go all the way eos they run a brick - and - tile company eos tweedle - dee dum and tweedle - dee dee eos  eos well a childish dream is a deathless need eos and a noble truth is a sacred dream eos my pretty baby ,  she 's lookin '  around eos she 's wearin '  a multi - thousand dollar gown eos  eos tweedle - dee dee is a lowdown ,  sorry old man eos tweedle - dee dum ,  he 'll stab you where you stand eos  ' i 've had too much of your company ,  '  eos says tweedle - dee dum to tweedle - dee deewell ,  it 's all up from florida at the start of the spring eos the trucks and the trailers will be winding eos like a bullet we 'll shoot for the carnival route eos we 're following them dusty old fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos from the michigan mud past the wisconsin sun eos  ' cross that minnesota border ,  keep  ' em scrambling eos through the clear county lakes and the lumberjack lands eos we 're following them dusty old fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos hit fargo on the jump and down to aberdeen eos  ' cross them old black hills ,  keep  ' em rolling eos through the cow country towns and the sands of old montana eos we 're following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos as the white line on the highway sails under your wheels eos i 've gazed from the trailer window laughing eos oh ,  our clothes they was torn but the colors they was bright eos following them dusty old fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos it 's a - many a friend that follows the bend eos the jugglers ,  the hustlers ,  the gamblers eos well ,  i 've spent my time with the fortune - telling kind eos following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos oh ,  it 's pound down the rails and it 's tie down the tents eos get that canvas flag a - flying eos well ,  let the caterpillars spin ,  let the ferris wheel wind eos following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos well ,  it 's roll into town straight to the fairgrounds eos just behind the posters that are hanging eos and it 's fill up every space with a different kind of face eos following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos get the dancing girls in front ,  get the gambling show behind eos hear that old music box a - banging eos hear them kids ,  faces ,  smiles ,  up and down the midway aisles eos we 're following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos it 's a - drag it on down by the deadline in the town eos hit the old highway by the morning eos and it 's ride yourself blind for the next town on time eos following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos as the harmonicas whined in the lonesome nighttime eos drinking red wine as we 're rolling eos many a turnin '  i turn ,  many a lesson i learn eos from following them fairgrounds a - calling eos  eos and it 's roll back down to st .  petersburg eos tie down the trailers and camp  ' em eos and the money that we made will pay for the space eos from following them dusty old fairgrounds a - callingwell ,  early in the mornin '  eos  ' til late at night eos i got a poison headache eos but i feel all right eos i 'm pledging my time to you eos hopin '  you 'll come through ,  too eos  eos well ,  the hobo jumped up eos he came down natur ' lly eos after he stole my baby eos then he wanted to steal me eos but i 'm pledging my time to you eos hopin '  you 'll come through ,  too eos  eos wo n't you come with me ,  baby ?  eos i 'll take you where you wanna go eos and if it do n't work out eos you 'll be the first to know eos i 'm pledging my time to you eos hopin '  you 'll come through ,  too eos  eos well ,  the room is so stuffy eos i can hardly breathe eos ev ' rybody 's gone but me and you eos and i ca n't be the last to leave eos i 'm pledging my time to you eos hopin '  you 'll come through ,  too eos  eos well ,  they sent for the ambulance eos and one was sent eos somebody got lucky eos but it was an accident eos now i 'm pledging my time to you eos hopin '  you 'll come through ,  toohe was just a blue - eyed boston boy ,  eos his voice was low with pain .  eos  " i 'll do your bidding ,  comrade mine ,  eos if i ride back again .  eos but if you ride back and i am left ,  eos you 'll do as much for me ,  eos mother ,  you know ,  must hear the news ,  eos so write to her tenderly .  eos  eos  " she 's waiting at home like a patient saint ,  eos her fond face pale with woe .  eos her heart will be broken when i am gone ,  eos i 'll see her soon ,  i know .  "  eos just then the order came to charge ,  eos for an instance hand touched hand .  eos they said ,   " aye ,  "  and away they rode ,  eos that brave and devoted band .  eos  eos straight was the track to the top of the hill ,  eos the rebels they shot and shelled ,  eos plowed furrows of death through the toiling ranks ,  eos and guarded them as they fell .  eos there soon came a horrible dying yell eos from heights that they could not gain ,  eos and those whom doom and death had spared eos rode slowly back again .  eos  eos but among the dead that were left on the hill eos was the boy with the curly hair .  eos the tall dark man who rode by his side eos lay dead beside him there .  eos there 's no one to write to the blue - eyed girl eos the words that her lover had said .  eos momma ,  you know ,  awaits the news ,  eos and she 'll only know he 's dead . corrina ,  corrina eos gal ,  where you been so long ?  eos corrina ,  corrina eos gal ,  where you been so long ?  eos i been worr ' in '   ' bout you ,  baby eos baby ,  please come home eos  eos i got a bird that whistles eos i got a bird that sings eos i got a bird that whistles eos i got a bird that sings eos but i ain '  a - got corrina eos life do n't mean a thing eos  eos corrina ,  corrina eos gal ,  you 're on my mind eos corrina ,  corrina eos gal ,  you 're on my mind eos i 'm a - thinkin '   ' bout you ,  baby eos i just ca n't keep from crying . i get the blues for you baby when i look up at the sun  eos i get the blues for you baby when i look up at the sun eos come back here we can have some real fun eos  eos well it 's early in the evening and everything is still eos well it 's early in the evening and everything is still eos one more time ,  i 'm walking up on heartbreak hill eos  eos shake ,  shake mama ,  like a ship goin '  out to sea  eos shake ,  shake mama ,  like a ship goin '  out to sea eos you took all my money and you give it to richard lee eos  eos down by the river judge simpson walkin '  around eos down by the river judge simpson walkin '  around eos nothing shocks me more than that old clown eos  eos some of you women you really know your stuff  eos some of you women you really know your stuff eos but your clothes are all torn and your language is a little too rough eos  eos shake ,  shake mama ,  shake it  ' til the break of day eos shake ,  shake mama ,  shake it  ' til the break of day eos i 'm right here baby ,  i 'm not that far away eos  eos i 'm motherless ,  fatherless ,  almost friendless too  eos i 'm motherless ,  fatherless ,  almost friendless too eos it 's friday morning on franklin avenue eos  eos shake ,  shake mama ,  raise your voice and pray  eos shake ,  shake mama ,  raise your voice and pray eos if you 're goin '  on home ,  better go the shortest waywrote a letter this mornin '  ,  eos put it in your hat ,  eos  ' cause no one to read it eos and i know you knew that .  eos i bought a joke ,  a trick or two ,  eos just to bring and show you ,  eos caught ya with the trickster too .  eos sometimes i wonder how ya knew eos a hypnotist ,  fancytalker ,  eos ruben remus ai n't no doctor eos  eos i knew the man and tried to remember eos just where it was that i 'd seen his face .  eos long ago ,  in a movie show ,  eos he was like that man singin '  bass .  eos knew him by his nurs ' ry rhyme :  eos the story of the rabbit man .  eos fell right in and said to him :  eos  " i 'd like to help you if i can .  "  eos i know the film would only shock ya ,  eos ruben remus ai n't no doctor !  eos  eos he only needed what you had ,  eos asked for nothing more ,  eos said he 'd like to take you on ,  eos but it 's been done before .  eos you could n't see he 's a travelin '  man eos and he cannot take your hand .  eos it 's very hard to understand eos why his songs were never banned .  eos guess the man would never knock ya ,  eos ruben remus ai n't no doctor !  eos  eos no one seen ya since he 's been gone ,  eos it 's been a day ,  maybe more .  eos i took a walk in your yard eos and knocked on your back door .  eos why do n't you let me in ?  eos i 'm not the man who did ya in .  eos is mr .  remus still your friend ?  eos you say you do n't remember him .  eos turn me down ,  would ya ?  eos well ,  i 've got news for you .  eos turn me down would ya ,  eos ca n't ya tell eos i 'm gonna change your mind eos before i ' m .  .  .  trough .  .  . the seasons they are turnin '  and my sad heart is yearnin '  eos to hear again the songbird 's sweet melodious tone eos wo n't you meet me out in the moonlight alone ?  eos  eos the dusky light ,  the day is losing ,  orchids ,  poppies ,  black - eyed susan eos the earth and sky that melts with flesh and bone eos wo n't you meet me out in the moonlight alone ?  eos  eos the air is thick and heavy all along the levy eos where the geese into the countryside have flown eos wo n't you meet me out in the moonlight alone ?  eos  eos well ,  i 'm preachin '  peace and harmony eos the blessings of tranquility eos yet i know when the time is right to strike eos i 'll take you cross the river dear eos you 've no need to linger here eos i know the kinds of things you like eos  eos the clouds are turnin '  crimson–the leaves fall from the limbs an '  eos the branches cast their shadows over stone eos wo n't you meet me out in the moonlight alone ?  eos  eos the boulevards of cypress trees ,  the masquerades of birds and bees eos the petals ,  pink and white ,  the wind has blown eos wo n't you meet me out in the moonlight alone ?  eos  eos the trailing moss and mystic glow eos purple blossoms soft as snow eos my tears keep flowing to the sea eos doctor ,  lawyer ,  indian chief eos it takes a thief to catch a thief eos for whom does the bell toll for ,  love ?  it tolls for you and me eos  eos my pulse is runnin '  through my palm–the sharp hills are rising from eos the yellow fields with twisted oaks that groan eos wo n't you meet me out in the moonlight alone ? my parents raised me tenderly eos i was their only son eos my mind got mixed with ramblin '  eos when i was all so young eos and i left my home the first time eos when i was twelve and one eos i 'm a long time a - comin '  ,  maw eos an '  i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos on the western side of texas eos on the texas plains eos i tried to find a job o '  work eos but they said l 's young of age eos my eyes they burned when i heard eos  ' go home where you belong !  '  eos i 'm a long time a - comin '  eos an '  i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos i remember when i 's ramblin '  eos around with the carnival trains eos different towns ,  different people eos somehow they 're all the same eos i remember children 's faces best eos i remember travelin '  on eos i 'm a long time a - comin '  eos i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos i once loved a fair young maid eos an '  i ai n't too big to tell eos if she broke my heart a single time eos she broke it ten or twelve eos i walked and talked all by myself eos i did not tell no one eos i 'm a long time a - comin '  ,  babe eos an '  i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos many times by the highwayside eos i tried to flag a ride eos with bloodshot eyes and gritting teeth eos i 'd watch the cars roll by eos the empty air hung in my head eos i 's thinkin '  all day long eos i 'm a long time a - comin '  eos i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos you might see me on your crossroads eos when i 'm a - passin '  through eos remember me how you wished to eos as i 'm a - driftin '  from your view eos i ai n't got the time to think about it eos i got too much to get done eos well ,  i 'm a long time comin '  eos an '  i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos if i ca n't help somebody eos with a word or song eos if i ca n't show somebody eos they are travelin '  wrong eos but i know i ai n't no prophet eos an '  i ai n't no prophet 's son eos i 'm just a long time a - comin '  eos an '  i 'll be a long time gone eos  eos so you can have your beauty eos it 's skin deep and it only lies eos and you can have your youth eos it 'll rot before your eyes eos just give to me my gravestone eos with it clearly carved upon :  eos  ' i 's a long time a - comin '  eos an '  i 'll be a long time gone ' why must you always try to make me over  ?  eos take me as i am or let me go eos white lilies never grow on stalks of clover eos take me as i am or let me go .  eos  eos you 're trying to reshape me in a moment eos in the image of someone you used to know eos i wo n't be a stand - in for an old love eos take me as i am or let me go .  eos  eos you 've tried to change me ever since you 've met me eos take me as i am or let me go .  eos if you cannot overlook my faults ,  forget me eos take me as i am or let me go .  eos  eos you 're trying to reshape me in a mould love eos in the image of someone you used to know eos but i wo n't be a stand - in for an old love eos take me as i am or let me gothere was a wicked messenger eos from eli he did come eos with a mind that multiplied the smallest matter eos when questioned who had sent for him eos he answered with his thumb eos for his tongue it could not speak ,  but only flatter eos  eos he stayed behind the assembly hall eos it was there he made his bed eos oftentimes he could be seen returning eos until one day he just appeared eos with a note in his hand which read eos  ' the soles of my feet ,  i swear they 're burning '  eos  eos oh ,  the leaves began to fallin '  eos and the seas began to part eos and the people that confronted him were many eos and he was told but these few words eos which opened up his heart eos  ' if ye cannot bring good news ,  then do n't bring any ' crash on the levee ,  mama eos water 's gonna overflow eos swamp 's gonna rise eos no boat 's gonna row eos now ,  you can train on down eos to williams point eos you can bust your feet eos you can rock this joint eos but oh mama ,  ai n't you gonna miss your best friend now ?  eos you 're gonna have to find yourself eos another best friend ,  somehow eos  eos now ,  do n't you try an '  move me eos you 're just gonna lose eos there 's a crash on the levee eos and ,  mama ,  you 've been refused eos well ,  it 's sugar for sugar eos and salt for salt eos if you go down in the flood eos it 's gonna be your own fault eos oh mama ,  ai n't you gonna miss your best friend now ?  eos you 're gonna have to find yourself eos another best friend ,  somehow eos  eos well ,  that high tide 's risin '  eos mama ,  do n't you let me down eos pack up your suitcase eos mama ,  do n't you make a sound eos now ,  it 's king for king eos queen for queen eos it 's gonna be the meanest flood eos that anybody 's seen eos oh mama ,  ai n't you gonna miss your best friend now ?  eos yes ,  you 're gonna have to find yourself eos another best friend ,  somehowyou say you love me eos and you 're thinkin '  of me eos but you know you could be wrong eos you say you told me eos that you wanna hold me eos but you know you 're not that strong eos i just ca n't do what i done before eos i just ca n't beg you anymore eos i 'm gonna let you pass eos and i 'll go last eos then time will tell just who fell eos and who 's been left behind eos when you go your way and i go mine eos  eos you say you disturb me eos and you do n't deserve me eos but you know sometimes you lie eos you say you 're shakin '  eos and you 're always achin '  eos but you know how hard you try eos sometimes it gets so hard to care eos it ca n't be this way ev ' rywhere eos and i 'm gonna let you pass eos yes ,  and i 'll go last eos then time will tell just who fell eos and who 's been left behind eos when you go your way and i go mine eos  eos the judge ,  he holds a grudge eos he 's gonna call on you eos but he 's badly built eos and he walks on stilts eos watch out he do n't fall on you eos  eos you say you 're sorry eos for tellin '  stories eos that you know i believe are true eos you say ya got some eos other kinda lover eos and yes ,  i believe you do eos you say my kisses are not like his eos but this time i 'm not gonna tell you why that is eos i 'm just gonna let you pass eos yes ,  and i 'll go last eos then time will tell who fell eos and who 's been left behind eos when you go your way and i go mineas i travel down life 's pathway ,  eos know not what the years may hold .  eos as i ponder ,  hopes grow fonder ,  eos precious memories flood my soul eos  eos precious father ,  loving mother ,  eos glide across the lonely years .  eos and old homes scenes of my childhood eos in fond memory appears .  eos  eos precious memories ,  how they linger eos how they ever flood my soul .  eos in the stillness of the midnight ,  eos precious sacred scenes unfold . hazel ,  dirty - blonde hair eos i would n't be ashamed to be seen with you anywhere eos you got something i want plenty of eos ooh ,  a little touch of your love eos  eos hazel ,  stardust in your eye eos you 're goin '  somewhere and so am i eos i 'd give you the sky high above eos ooh ,  for a little touch of your love eos  eos oh no ,  i do n't need any reminder eos to know how much i really care eos but it 's just making me blinder and blinder eos because i 'm up on a hill and still you 're not there eos  eos hazel ,  you called and i came eos now do n't make me play this waiting game eos you 've got something i want plenty of eos ooh ,  a little touch of your lovefat man lookin '  in a blade of steel eos thin man lookin '  at his last meal eos hollow man lookin '  in a cottonfield eos for dignity eos  eos wise man lookin '  in a blade of grass eos young man lookin '  in the shadows that pass eos poor man lookin '  through painted glass eos for dignity eos  eos somebody got murdered on new year 's eve eos somebody said dignity was the first to leave eos i went into the city ,  went into the town eos went into the land of the midnight sun eos  eos searchin '  high ,  searchin '  low eos searchin '  everywhere i know eos askin '  the cops wherever i go eos have you seen dignity ?  eos  eos blind man breakin '  out of a trance eos puts both his hands in the pockets of chance eos hopin '  to find one circumstance eos of dignity eos  eos i went to the wedding of mary lou eos she said ,   ' i do n't want nobody see me talkin '  to you '  eos said she could get killed if she told me what she knew eos about dignity eos  eos i went down where the vultures feed eos i would 've gone deeper ,  but there was n't any need eos heard the tongues of angels and the tongues of men eos was n't any difference to me eos  eos chilly wind sharp as a razor blade eos house on fire ,  debts unpaid eos gonna stand at the window ,  gonna ask the maid eos have you seen dignity ?  eos  eos drinkin '  man listens to the voice he hears eos in a crowded room full of covered - up mirrors eos lookin '  into the lost forgotten years eos for dignity eos  eos  eos met prince phillip at the home of the blues eos said he 'd give me information if his name was n't used eos he wanted money up front ,  said he was abused eos by dignity eos  eos footprints runnin '   ' cross the silver sand eos steps goin '  down into tattoo land eos i met the sons of darkness and the sons of light eos in the bordertowns of despair eos  eos got no place to fade ,  got no coat eos i 'm on the rollin '  river in a jerkin '  boat eos tryin '  to read a note somebody wrote eos about dignity eos  eos sick man lookin '  for the doctor 's cure eos lookin '  at his hands for the lines that were eos and into every masterpiece of literature eos for dignity eos  eos englishman stranded in the blackheart wind eos combin '  his hair back ,  his future looks thin eos bites the bullet and he looks within eos for dignity eos  eos someone showed me a picture and i just laughed eos dignity never been photographed eos i went into the red ,  went into the black eos into the valley of dry bone dreams eos  eos so many roads ,  so much at stake eos so many dead ends ,  i 'm at the edge of the lake eos sometimes i wonder what it 's gonna take eos to find dignitynobody feels any pain eos tonight as i stand inside the rain eos ev ' rybody knows eos that baby 's got new clothes eos but lately i see her ribbons and her bows eos have fallen from her curls eos she takes just like a woman ,  yes ,  she does eos she makes love just like a woman ,  yes ,  she does eos and she aches just like a woman eos but she breaks just like a little girl eos  eos queen mary ,  she 's my friend eos yes ,  i believe i 'll go see her again eos nobody has to guess eos that baby ca n't be blessed eos till she sees finally that she 's like all the rest eos with her fog ,  her amphetamine and her pearls eos she takes just like a woman ,  yes ,  she does eos she makes love just like a woman ,  yes ,  she does eos and she aches just like a woman eos but she breaks just like a little girl eos  eos it was raining from the first eos and i was dying there of thirst eos so i came in here eos and your long - time curse hurts eos but what 's worse eos is this pain in here eos i ca n't stay in here eos ai n't it clear that— eos  eos i just ca n't fit eos yes ,  i believe it 's time for us to quit eos when we meet again eos introduced as friends eos please do n't let on that you knew me when eos i was hungry and it was your world eos ah ,  you fake just like a woman ,  yes ,  you do eos you make love just like a woman ,  yes ,  you do eos then you ache just like a woman eos but you break just like a little girlin the time of my confession ,  in the hour of my deepest need eos when the pool of tears beneath my feet flood every newborn seed eos there 's a dyin '  voice within me reaching out somewhere eos toiling in the danger and in the morals of despair eos  eos do n't have the inclination to look back on any mistake eos like cain ,  i now behold this chain of events that i must break eos in the fury of the moment i can see the master 's hand eos in every leaf that trembles ,  in every grain of sand eos  eos oh ,  the flowers of indulgence and the weeds of yesteryear eos like criminals ,  they have choked the breath of conscience and good cheer eos the sun beat down upon the steps of time to light the way eos to ease the pain of idleness and the memory of decay eos  eos i gaze into the doorway of temptation 's angry flame eos and every time i pass that way i always hear my name eos then onward in my journey i come to understand eos that every hair is numbered like every grain of sand eos  eos i have gone from rags to riches in the sorrow of the night eos in the violence of a summer 's dream ,  in the chill of a wintry light eos in the bitter dance of loneliness fading into space eos in the broken mirror of innocence on each forgotten face eos  eos i hear the ancient footsteps like the motion of the sea eos sometimes i turn ,  there 's someone there ,  other times it 's only me eos i am hanging in the balance of the reality of man eos like every sparrow falling ,  like every grain of sandwell ,  i see you got your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hat eos yes ,  i see you got your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hat eos well ,  you must tell me ,  baby eos how your head feels under somethin '  like that eos under your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hat eos  eos well ,  you look so pretty in it eos honey ,  can i jump on it sometime ?  eos yes ,  i just wanna see eos if it 's really that expensive kind eos you know it balances on your head eos just like a mattress balances eos on a bottle of wine eos your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hat eos  eos well ,  if you wanna see the sun rise eos honey ,  i know where eos we 'll go out and see it sometime eos we 'll both just sit there and stare eos me with my belt eos wrapped around my head eos and you just sittin '  there eos in your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hat eos  eos well ,  i asked the doctor if i could see you eos it 's bad for your health ,  he said eos yes ,  i disobeyed his orders eos i came to see you eos but i found him there instead eos you know ,  i do n't mind him cheatin '  on me eos but i sure wish he 'd take that off his head eos your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hat eos  eos well ,  i see you got a new boyfriend eos you know ,  i never seen him before eos well ,  i saw him eos makin '  love to you eos you forgot to close the garage door eos you might think he loves you for your money eos but i know what he really loves you for eos it 's your brand new leopard - skin pill - box hatwhat good am i if i 'm like all the rest eos if i just turn away ,  when i see how you 're dressed eos if i shut myself off so i ca n't hear you cry eos what good am i ?  eos  eos what good am i if i know and do n't do eos if i see and do n't say ,  if i look right through you eos if i turn a deaf ear to the thunderin '  sky eos what good am i ?  eos  eos what good am i while you softly weep eos and i hear in my head what you say in your sleep eos and i freeze in the moment like the rest who do n't try eos what good am i ?  eos  eos what good am i then to others and me eos if i 've had every chance and yet still fail to see eos if my hands are tied must i not wonder within eos who tied them and why and where must i have been ?  eos  eos what good am i if i say foolish things eos and i laugh in the face of what sorrow brings eos and i just turn my back while you silently die eos what good am i ? i was born in dixie in a boomer shed eos just a little shanty by the railroad track eos freight train was it taught me how to cry eos the holler of the driver was my lullaby eos i got the freight train blues eos oh lord mama ,  i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes eos and when the whistle blows i gotta go baby ,  do n't you know eos well ,  it looks like i 'm never gonna lose the freight train blues .  eos  eos well ,  my daddy was a fireman and my mama - ha eos she was the only daugther of an enginer eos my sweetheart was a brakeman and it ai n't no joke eos seems a waste to get a good man broke eos i got the freight train blues eos oh lord mama ,  i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes eos and when the whistle blows i gotta go mama ,  do n't you know eos well ,  it looks like i 'm never gonna lose the freight train blues .  eos  eos well ,  the only thing that makes me laugh again eos is a southbound whistle on a southbound train eos every place i wanna go i never can go eos because you know i got the freight train blues eos oh lord mama ,  i got them in the bottom of my rambling shoes . there 's a long - distance train rolling through the rain eos tears on the letter i write eos there 's a woman i long to touch and i miss her so much eos but she 's drifting like a satellite eos  eos there 's a neon light ablaze in this green smoky haze eos laughter down on elizabeth street eos and a lonesome bell tone in that valley of stone eos where she bathed in a stream of pure heat eos  eos her father would emphasize you got to be more than streetwise eos but he practiced what he preached from the heart eos a full - blooded cherokee ,  he predicted to me eos the time and the place that the trouble would start eos  eos there 's a babe in the arms of a woman in a rage eos and a longtime golden - haired stripper onstage eos and she winds back the clock and she turns back the page eos of a book that no one can write eos oh ,  where are you tonight ?  eos  eos the truth was obscure ,  too profound and too pure eos to live it you have to explode eos in that last hour of need ,  we entirely agreed eos sacrifice was the code of the road eos  eos i left town at dawn ,  with marcel and st .  john eos strong men belittled by doubt eos i could n't tell her what my private thoughts were eos but she had some way of finding them out eos  eos he took dead - center aim but he missed just the same eos she was waiting ,  putting flowers on the shelf eos she could feel my despair as i climbed up her hair eos and discovered her invisible self eos  eos there 's a lion in the road ,  there 's a demon escaped eos there 's a million dreams gone ,  there 's a landscape being raped eos as her beauty fades and i watch her undrape eos i wo n't but then again ,  maybe i might eos oh ,  if i could just find you tonight eos  eos i fought with my twin ,  that enemy within eos  ' til both of us fell by the way eos horseplay and disease is killing me by degrees eos while the law looks the other way eos  eos your partners in crime hit me up for nickels and dimes eos the guy you were lovin '  could n't stay clean eos it felt outa place ,  my foot in his face eos but he should - a stayed where his money was green eos  eos i bit into the root of forbidden fruit eos with the juice running down my leg eos then i dealt with your boss ,  who 'd never known about loss eos and who always was too proud to beg eos  eos there 's a white diamond gloom on the dark side of this room eos and a pathway that leads up to the stars eos if you do n't believe there 's a price for this sweet paradise eos remind me to show you the scars eos  eos there 's a new day at dawn and i 've finally arrived eos if i 'm there in the morning ,  baby ,  you 'll know i 've survived eos i ca n't believe it ,  i ca n't believe i 'm alive eos but without you it just does n't seem right eos oh ,  where are you tonight ? the pawnbroker roared eos also ,  so ,  so did the landlord eos the scene was so crazy ,  was n't it ?  eos both were so glad eos to watch me destroy what i had eos pain sure brings out the best in people ,  does n't it ?  eos why did n't you just leave me if you did n't want to stay ?  eos why 'd you have to treat me so bad ?  eos did it have to be that way ?  eos now you stand here expectin '  me to remember somethin '  you forgot to say eos yes ,  and you ,  i see you 're still with her ,  well eos that 's fine  ' cause she 's comin '  on so strange ,  ca n't you tell ?  eos somebody had better explain eos she 's got her iron chain eos i 'd do it ,  but i ,  i just ca n't remember how eos you talk to her eos she 's your lover now eos  eos i already assumed eos that we 're in the felony room eos but i ai n't a judge ,  you do n't have to be nice to me eos but please tell that eos to your friend in the cowboy hat eos you know he keeps on sayin '  ev ' rythin '  twice to me eos you know i was straight with you eos you know i 've never tried to change you in any way eos you know if you did n't want to be with me eos that you could  .   .   .  did n't have to stay eos now you stand here sayin '  you forgive and forget .  honey ,  what can i say ?  eos yes ,  you ,  you just sit around and ask for ashtrays ,  ca n't you reach ?  eos i see you kiss her on the cheek ev ' rytime she gives a speech eos with her picture books of the pyramid eos and her postcards of billy the kid  ( why must everybody bow ?  )  eos you better talk to her  ' bout it eos you 're her lover now eos  eos oh ,  ev ' rybody that cares eos is goin '  up the castle stairs eos but i 'm not up in your castle ,  honey eos it 's true ,  i just ca n't recall eos san francisco at all eos i ca n't even remember el paso ,  uh ,  honey eos you never had to be faithful eos i did n't want you to grieve eos oh ,  why was it so hard for you eos if you did n't want to be with me ,  just to leave ?  eos now you stand here while your finger 's goin '  up my sleeve eos an '  you ,  just what do you do anyway ?  ai n't there nothin '  you can say ?  eos she 'll be standin '  on the bar soon eos with a fish head an '  a harpoon eos an '  a fake beard plastered on her brow eos you 'd better do somethin '  quick eos she 's your lover nowlook out across the fields ,  see me returning eos smoke is in your eye ,  you draw a smile eos from the fireplace where my letters to you are burning eos you 've had time to think about it for a while eos  eos well ,  i 've walked two hundred miles ,  now look me over eos it 's the end of the chase and the moon is high eos it wo n't matter who loves who eos you 'll love me or i 'll love you eos when the night comes falling from the sky eos  eos i can see through your walls and i know you 're hurting eos sorrow covers you up like a cape eos only yesterday i know that you 've been flirting eos with disaster that you managed to escape eos  eos i ca n't provide for you no easy answers eos who are you that i should have to lie ?  eos you 'll know all about it ,  love eos it 'll fit you like a glove eos when the night comes falling from the sky eos  eos i can hear your trembling heart beat like a river eos you must have been protecting someone last time i called .  eos i 've never asked you for nothing you could n't deliver eos i 've never asked you to set yourself up for a fall eos  eos i saw thousands who could have overcome the darkness eos for the love of a lousy buck ,  i 've watched them die eos stick around ,  baby ,  we 're not through eos do n't look for me ,  i 'll see you eos when the night comes falling from the sky eos  eos in your teardrops ,  i can see my own reflection eos it was on the northern border of texas where i crossed the line eos i do n't want to be a fool starving for affection eos i do n't want to drown in someone else 's wine eos  eos for all eternity i think i will remember eos that icy wind that 's howling in your eye eos you will seek me and you 'll find me eos in the wasteland of your mind eos when the night comes falling from the sky eos  eos well ,  i sent you my feelings in a letter eos but you were gambling for support eos this time tomorrow i 'll know you better eos when my memory is not so short eos  eos this time i 'm asking for freedom eos freedom from a world which you deny eos and you 'll give it to me now eos i 'll take it anyhow eos when the night comes falling from the skytakes rocks and gravel ,  baby ,  make a solid road ,  eos make a solid road .  eos takes rocks and gravel ,  baby ,  make a solid road ,  eos make a solid road .  eos  eos takes a good woman mama ,  eos to satisfy my weary soul .  eos  eos have you ever been down on that mobil and k .  c .  line ,  eos have you ever been down on that mobil and k .  c .  line ?  eos  eos well i just wanna ask you ,  eos if you seen that gal of mine ,  eos do n't the clouds look lonesome shining across the sea ,  eos do n't the clouds look lonesome shining across the sea ,  eos do n't my gal look good ,  eos when she 's comin '  after me ? well i do n't know why i love you like i do eos nobody in the world can get along with you .  eos you got the ways of a devil sleeping in a lion 's den eos i come home last night you would n't even let me in .  eos  eos well sometimes you 're as sweet as anybody want to be eos when you get a crazy notion of jumpin '  all over me eos well you give me the blues i guess you 're satisfied eos an '  you give me the blues i wanna lay down and die .  eos  eos i helped you when you had no shoes on your feet ,  pretty mama eos i helped you when you had no food to eat .  eos you 're the kind of woman i just do n't understand eos you 're takin '  all my money and give it to another man .  eos  eos well you 're the kinda woman makes a man lose his brain eos you 're the kinda woman drives a man insane eos you give me the blues ,  i guess you 're satisfied eos you give me the blues ,  i wanna lay down and die eos  eos well you give me the blues ,  i wanna lay down and diewinterlude ,  winterlude ,  oh darlin '  eos winterlude by the road tonight eos tonight there will be no quarrelin '  eos ev ' rything is gonna be all right eos oh ,  i see by the angel beside me eos that love has a reason to shine eos you 're the one i adore ,  come over here and give me more eos then winterlude ,  this dude thinks you 're fine eos  eos winterlude ,  winterlude ,  my little apple eos winterlude by the corn in the field eos winterlude ,  let 's go down to the chapel eos then come back and cook up a meal eos well ,  come out when the skating rink glistens eos by the sun ,  near the old crossroads sign eos the snow is so cold ,  but our love can be bold eos winterlude ,  do n't be rude ,  please be mine eos  eos winterlude ,  winterlude ,  my little daisy eos winterlude by the telephone wire eos winterlude ,  it 's makin '  me lazy eos come on ,  sit by the logs in the fire eos the moonlight reflects from the window eos where the snowflakes ,  they cover the sand eos come out tonight ,  ev ' rything will be tight eos winterlude ,  this dude thinks you 're grandbad news ,  bad news eos come to me where i sleep eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos sayin '  one of your friends eos is in trouble deep eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos tell me the trouble eos tell once to my ear eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos joliet prison eos and ninety - nine years eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos oh what 's the charge eos of how this came to be eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos manslaughter eos in the highest of degree eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos i sat down and wrote eos the best words i could write eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos explaining to the judge eos i 'd be there on wednesday night eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos without a reply eos i left by the moon eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos and was in his chambers eos by the next afternoon eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos could ya tell me the facts ?  eos i said without fear eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos that a friend of mine eos would get ninety - nine years eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos a crash on the highway eos flew the car to a field eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos there was four persons killed eos and he was at the wheel eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos but i knew him as good eos as i 'm knowin '  myself eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos and he would n't harm a life eos that belonged to someone else eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos the judge spoke eos out of the side of his mouth eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos sayin '  ,   ' the witness who saw eos he left little doubt '  eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos that may be true eos he 's got a sentence to serve eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos but ninety - nine years eos he just do n't deserve eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos too late ,  too late eos for his case it is sealed eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos his sentence is passed eos and it cannot be repealed eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos but he ai n't no criminal eos and his crime it is none eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos what happened to him eos could happen to anyone eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos and at that the judge jerked forward eos and his face it did freeze eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos sayin '  ,   ' could you kindly leave eos my office now ,  please '  eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos well his eyes looked funny eos and i stood up so slow eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos with no other choice eos except for to go eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos i walked down the hallway eos and i heard his door slam eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos i walked down the courthouse stairs eos and i did not understand eos turn ,  turn to the rain eos and the wind eos  eos and i played my guitar eos through the night to the day eos turn ,  turn ,  turn again eos and the only tune eos my guitar could play eos was ,   ' oh the cruel rain eos and the wind ' went out last night to take a little round .  eos i met my little sadie and i brought her down .  eos i ran right home and i went to bed eos with a forty - four smokeless under my head .  eos  eos i began to think what a deed i 'd done ,  eos i grabbed my hat and i began to run .  eos i made a god run but i ran too slow ;    eos they overtook me down in jericho eos  eos standing on a corner ringin '  my bell ,  eos up stepped the sheriff from thomasville .  eos he said  " young man is you name brown ?  eos remember the night you blowed little sadie down .  "  eos  eos  " oh ,  yes sir ,  my name is lee .  eos i murdered little sadie in the first degree .  eos first degree and second degree ,  eos if  you 've got any papers will you serve them to me ?  "  eos  eos well they took me down town  and they dressed me in black .  eos they put me on a train and they brought me back .  eos i had no one for to go my bail ;  eos they crammed me back into the county jail .  eos  eos the judge and the jury they took their stand .  eos the judge had the papers in his right hand .  eos forty - one days ,  forty - one nights ;  eos forty - one years to wear the ball and the stripes . ev ' rybody 's building the big ships and the boats eos some are building monuments eos others ,  jotting down notes eos ev ' rybody 's in despair eos ev ' ry girl and boy eos but when quinn the eskimo gets here eos ev ' rybody 's gonna jump for joy eos come all without ,  come all within eos you 'll not see nothing like the mighty quinn eos  eos i like to do just like the rest ,  i like my sugar sweet eos but guarding fumes and making haste eos it ai n't my cup of meat eos ev ' rybody 's  ' neath the trees eos feeding pigeons on a limb eos but when quinn the eskimo gets here eos all the pigeons gonna run to him eos come all without ,  come all within eos you 'll not see nothing like the mighty quinn eos  eos a cat 's meow and a cow 's moo ,  i can recite  ' em all eos just tell me where it hurts yuh ,  honey eos and i 'll tell you who to call eos nobody can get no sleep eos there 's someone on ev ' ryone 's toes eos but when quinn the eskimo gets here eos ev ' rybody 's gonna wanna doze eos come all without ,  come all within eos you 'll not see nothing like the mighty quinni 'm walking through streets that are dead eos walking ,  walking with you in my head eos my feet are so tired ,  my brain is so wired eos and the clouds are weeping eos  eos did i hear someone tell a lie ?  eos did i hear someone 's distant cry ?  eos i spoke like a child ;  you destroyed me with a smile eos while i was sleeping eos  eos i 'm sick of love but i 'm in the thick of it eos this kind of love i 'm so sick of it eos  eos i see ,  i see lovers in the meadow eos i see ,  i see silhouettes in the window eos i watch them  ' til they 're gone and they leave me hanging on eos to a shadow eos  eos i 'm sick of love ;  i hear the clock tick eos this kind of love ;  i 'm love sick eos  eos sometimes the silence can be like the thunder eos sometimes i feel like i 'm being plowed under eos could you ever be true ?  i think of you eos and i wonder eos  eos i 'm sick of love ;  i wish i 'd never met you eos i 'm sick of love ;  i 'm trying to forget you eos  eos just do n't know what to do eos i 'd give anything to be with youwell ,  the rainman comes with his magic wand eos and the judge says ,   ' mona ca n't have no bond '  eos and the walls collide ,  mona cries eos and the rainman leaves in the wolfman 's disguise eos  eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby ,  i wanna be your man eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby eos i do n't wanna be hers ,  i wanna be yours eos  eos well ,  the undertaker in his midnight suit eos says to the masked man ,   ' ai n't you cute !  '  eos well ,  the mask man he gets up on the shelf eos and he says ,   ' you ai n't so bad yourself '  eos  eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby ,  i wanna be your man eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby eos i do n't wanna be hers ,  i wanna be yours eos  eos well ,  jumpin '  judy ca n't go no higher eos she had bullets in her eyes ,  and they fire eos rasputin he 's so dignified eos he touched the back of her head an '  he died eos  eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby ,  i wanna be your man eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby eos i do n't wanna be hers ,  i wanna be yours eos  eos well ,  phaedra with her looking glass eos stretchin '  out upon the grass eos she gets all messed up and she faints – eos that 's  ' cause she 's so obvious and you ai n't eos  eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby ,  i wanna be your man eos i wanna be your lover ,  baby eos i do n't wanna be hers ,  i wanna be yoursoh ,  where have you been ,  my blue - eyed son ?  eos oh ,  where have you been ,  my darling young one ?  eos i 've stumbled on the side of twelve misty mountains eos i 've walked and i 've crawled on six crooked highways eos i 've stepped in the middle of seven sad forests eos i 've been out in front of a dozen dead oceans eos i 've been ten thousand miles in the mouth of a graveyard eos and it 's a hard ,  and it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  and it 's a hard eos and it 's a hard rain 's a - gonna fall eos  eos oh ,  what did you see ,  my blue - eyed son ?  eos oh ,  what did you see ,  my darling young one ?  eos i saw a newborn baby with wild wolves all around it eos i saw a highway of diamonds with nobody on it eos i saw a black branch with blood that kept drippin '  eos i saw a room full of men with their hammers a - bleedin '  eos i saw a white ladder all covered with water eos i saw ten thousand talkers whose tongues were all broken eos i saw guns and sharp swords in the hands of young children eos and it 's a hard ,  and it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard eos and it 's a hard rain 's a - gonna fall eos  eos and what did you hear ,  my blue - eyed son ?  eos and what did you hear ,  my darling young one ?  eos i heard the sound of a thunder ,  it roared out a warnin '  eos heard the roar of a wave that could drown the whole world eos heard one hundred drummers whose hands were a - blazin '  eos heard ten thousand whisperin '  and nobody listenin '  eos heard one person starve ,  i heard many people laughin '  eos heard the song of a poet who died in the gutter eos heard the sound of a clown who cried in the alley eos and it 's a hard ,  and it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard eos and it 's a hard rain 's a - gonna fall eos  eos oh ,  who did you meet ,  my blue - eyed son ?  eos who did you meet ,  my darling young one ?  eos i met a young child beside a dead pony eos i met a white man who walked a black dog eos i met a young woman whose body was burning eos i met a young girl ,  she gave me a rainbow eos i met one man who was wounded in love eos i met another man who was wounded with hatred eos and it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard eos it 's a hard rain 's a - gonna fall eos  eos oh ,  what 'll you do now ,  my blue - eyed son ?  eos oh ,  what 'll you do now ,  my darling young one ?  eos i 'm a - goin '  back out  ' fore the rain starts a - fallin '  eos i 'll walk to the depths of the deepest black forest eos where the people are many and their hands are all empty eos where the pellets of poison are flooding their waters eos where the home in the valley meets the damp dirty prison eos where the executioner 's face is always well hidden eos where hunger is ugly ,  where souls are forgotten eos where black is the color ,  where none is the number eos and i 'll tell it and think it and speak it and breathe it eos and reflect it from the mountain so all souls can see it eos then i 'll stand on the ocean until i start sinkin '  eos but i 'll know my song well before i start singin '  eos and it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard ,  it 's a hard eos it 's a hard rain 's a - gonna fallgonna change my way of thinking eos make myself a different set of rules eos gonna change my way of thinking eos make myself a different set of rules eos gonna put my good foot forward eos and stop being influenced by fools eos  eos so much oppression eos ca n't keep track of it no more eos so much oppression eos ca n't keep track of it no more eos sons becoming husbands to their mothers eos and old men turning young daughters into whores eos  eos stripes on your shoulders eos stripes on your back and on your hands eos stripes on your shoulders eos stripes on your back and on your hands eos swords piercing your side eos blood and water flowing through the land eos  eos well do n't know which one is worse eos doing your own thing or just being cool eos well do n't know which one is worse eos doing your own thing or just being cool eos you remember only about the brass ring eos you forget all about the golden rule eos  eos you can mislead a man eos you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes eos you can mislead a man eos you can take ahold of his heart with your eyes eos but there 's only one authority eos and that 's the authority on high eos  eos i got a god - fearing woman eos one i can easily afford eos i got a god - fearing woman eos one i can easily afford eos she can do the georgia crawl eos she can walk in the spirit of the lord eos  eos jesus said ,   ' be ready eos for you know not the hour in which i come '  eos jesus said ,   ' be ready eos for you know not the hour in which i come '  eos he said ,   ' he who is not for me is against me '  eos just so you know where he 's coming from eos  eos there 's a kingdom called heaven eos a place where there is no pain of birth eos there 's a kingdom called heaven eos a place where there is no pain of birth eos well the lord created it ,  mister eos about the same time he made the earth eos  eos alternate version eos  eos  eos change my way of thinking ,  make myself a different set of rules eos change my way of thinking ,  make myself a different set of rules eos put my best foot forward ,  stop being influenced by fools eos  eos i 'm sittin '  at the welcome table ,  i 'm so hungry i could eat a horse eos i 'm sittin '  at the welcome table ,  i 'm so hungry i could eat a horse eos i 'm gonna revitalize my thinking ,  i 'm gonna let the law take its course eos  eos jesus is calling ,  he 's coming back to gather up his jewels eos jesus is calling ,  he 's coming back to gather up his jewels eos we living by the golden rule ,  whoever got the gold rules eos  eos the sun is shining ,  ai n't but one train on this track eos the sun is shining ,  ai n't but one train on this track eos i 'm stepping out of the dark woods ,  i 'm jumping on the monkey 's back eos  eos i 'm all dressed up ,  i 'm going to the county dance eos i 'm all dressed up ,  i 'm going to the county dance eos every day you got to pray for guidance eos every day you got to give yourself a chance eos  eos storms are on the ocean ,  storms out on the mountain ,  too eos storms are on the ocean ,  storms out on the mountain ,  too eos oh lord ,  you know i have no friend like you eos  eos i 'll tell you something ,  things you never had you 'll never miss eos i 'll tell you something ,  things you never had you 'll never miss eos a brave man will kill you with a sword ,  a coward with a kissman gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  in the beginning eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  long time ago eos  eos he saw an animal that liked to growl eos big furry paws and he liked to howl eos great big furry back and furry hair eos  ' ah ,  think i 'll call it a bear '  eos  eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  in the beginning eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  long time ago eos  eos he saw an animal up on a hill eos chewing up so much grass until she was filled eos he saw milk comin '  out but he did n't know how eos  ' ah ,  think i 'll call it a cow '  eos  eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  in the beginning eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  long time ago eos  eos he saw an animal that liked to snort eos horns on his head and they were n't too short eos it looked like there was n't nothin '  that he could n't pull eos  ' ah ,  think i 'll call it a bull '  eos  eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  in the beginning eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  long time ago eos  eos he saw an animal leavin '  a muddy trail eos real dirty face and a curly tail eos he was n't too small and he was n't too big eos  ' ah ,  think i 'll call it a pig '  eos  eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  in the beginning eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  long time ago eos  eos next animal that he did meet eos had wool on his back and hooves on his feet eos eating grass on a mountainside so steep eos  ' ah ,  think i 'll call it a sheep '  eos  eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  in the beginning eos man gave names to all the animals eos in the beginning ,  long time ago eos  eos he saw an animal as smooth as glass eos slithering his way through the grass eos saw him disappear by a tree near a lake  .   .   . like the lion tears the flesh off of a man eos so can a woman who passes herself off as a male eos they sang  ' danny boy '  at his funeral and the lord 's prayer eos preacher talking  ' bout christ betrayed eos it 's like the earth just opened and swallowed him up eos he reached too high ,  was thrown back to the ground eos you know what they say about bein '  nice to the right people on the way up eos sooner or later you gonna meet them comin '  down eos  eos well ,  there ai n't no goin '  back eos when your foot of pride come down eos ai n't no goin '  back eos  eos hear ya got a brother named james ,  do n't forget faces or names eos sunken cheeks and his blood is mixed eos he looked straight into the sun and said revenge is mine eos but he drinks ,  and drinks can be fixed eos sing me one more song ,  about ya love me to the moon and the stranger eos and your fall - by - the sword love affair with errol flynn eos in these times of compassion when conformity 's in fashion eos say one more stupid thing to me before the final nail is driven in .  eos  eos well ,  there ai n't no goin '  back  eos when your foot of pride come down eos ai n't no goin '  back eos  eos there 's a retired businessman named red eos cast down from heaven and he 's out of his head eos he feeds off of everyone that he can touch eos he said he only deals in cash or sells tickets to a plane crash eos he 's not somebody that you play around with much eos miss delilah is his ,  a phillistine is what she is eos she 'll do wondrous works with your fate ,  feed you coconut bread ,  eos spice buns in your bed eos if you do n't mind sleepin '  with your head face down in a grave eos  eos well ,  there ai n't no goin '  back  eos when your foot of pride come down eos ai n't no goin '  back eos  eos well ,  they 'll choose a man for you to meet tonight eos you 'll play the fool and learn how to walk through doors eos how to enter into the gates of paradise eos no ,  how to carry a burden too heavy to be yours eos yeah ,  from the stage they 'll be tryin '  to get water outa rocks eos a whore will pass the hat ,  collect a hundred grand and say thanks eos they like to take all this money from sin ,  build big universities to study in eos sing  ' amazing grace '  all the way to the swiss banks eos  eos well ,  there ai n't no goin '  back  eos when your foot of pride come down eos ai n't no goin '  back eos  eos they got some beautiful people out there ,  man eos they can be a terror to your mind and show you how to hold your tongue eos they got mystery written all over their forehead eos they kill babies in the crib and say only the good die young eos they do n't believe in mercy eos judgement on them is something that you 'll never see eos they can exalt you up or bring you down main route eos turn you into anything that they want you to be eos  eos well ,  there ai n't no goin '  back  eos when your foot of pride come down eos ai n't no goin '  back eos  eos yes ,  i guess i loved him too eos i can still see him in my mind climbin '  that hill eos did he make it to the top ,  well he probably did and dropped eos struck down by the strength of the will eos ai n't nothin '  left here partner ,  just the dust of a plague eos that has left this whole town afraid eos from now on ,  this 'll be where you 're from eos let the dead bury the dead .  your time will come eos let hot iron blow as he raised the shade eos  eos well ,  there ai n't no goin '  back  eos when your foot of pride come down eos ai n't no goin '  backprayed in the ghetto with my face in the cement ,  eos heard the last moan of a boxer ,  seen the massacre of the innocent eos felt around for the light switch ,  became nauseated .  eos she was walking down the hallway while the walls deteriorated .  eos  eos east of the jordan ,  hard as the rock of gibraltar ,  eos i see the burning of the page ,  curtain risin '  on a new age ,  eos see the groom still waitin '  at the altar .  eos  eos try to be pure at heart ,  they arrest you for robbery ,  eos mistake your shyness for aloofness ,  your silence for snobbery ,  eos got the message this morning ,  the one that was sent to me eos about the madness of becomin '  what one was never meant to be .  eos  eos west of the jordan ,  east of the rock of gibraltar ,  eos i see the burning of the stage ,  eos curtain risin '  on a new age ,  eos see the groom still waitin '  at the altar .  eos  eos do n't know what i can say about claudette that would n't come back to haunt me ,   eos finally had to give her up  ' bout the time she began to want me .  eos but i know god has mercy on them who are slandered and humiliated .  eos i 'd a - done anything for that woman if she did n't make me feel so obligated .  eos  eos west of the jordan ,  west of the rock of gibraltar ,  eos i see the burning of the cage ,  eos curtain risin '  on a new stage ,  eos see the groom still waitin '  at the altar .  eos  eos put your hand on my head ,  baby ,  do i have a temperature ?  eos i see people who are supposed to know better standin '  around like furniture .  eos there 's a wall between you and what you want and you got to leap it ,  eos tonight you got the power to take it ,  tomorrow you wo n't have the power to  eos keep it .  eos  eos west of the jordan ,  east of the rock of gibraltar ,  eos i see the burning of the stage ,  curtain risin '  on a new age ,  eos see the groom still waitin '  at the altar .  eos  eos cities on fire ,  phones out of order ,  eos they 're killing nuns and soldiers ,  there 's fighting on the border .  eos what can i say about claudette ?  eos ai n't seen her since january ,  eos she could be respectably married or running a whorehouse in buenos aires .  eos  eos west of the jordan ,  west of the rock of gibraltar ,  eos i see the burning of the stage ,  eos curtain risin '  on a new age ,  eos see the groom still waitin '  at the altar . i got to know ,  lord ,  when to pull back on the reins eos death can be the result of the most underrated pain eos satan whispers to ya ,   ' well ,  i do n't want to bore ya eos but when ya get tired of the miss so - and - so i got another woman for ya '  eos  eos trouble in mind ,  lord ,  trouble in mind eos lord ,  take away this trouble in mind eos  eos when the deeds that you do do n't add up to zero eos it 's what 's inside that counts ,  ask any war hero eos you think you can hide but you 're never alone eos ask lot what he thought when his wife turned to stone eos  eos trouble in mind ,  lord ,  trouble in mind eos lord ,  take away this trouble in mind eos  eos here comes satan ,  prince of the power of the air eos he 's gonna make you a law unto yourself ,  gonna build a bird 's nest in your hair eos he 's gonna deaden your conscience  ' til you worship the work of your own hands eos you 'll be serving strangers in a strange ,  forsaken land eos  eos trouble in mind ,  lord ,  trouble in mind eos lord ,  take away this trouble in mind eos  eos well ,  your true love has caught you where you do n't belong eos you say ,   ' baby ,  everybody 's doing it so i guess it ca n't be wrong '  eos the truth is far from you ,  so you know you got to lie eos then you 're all the time defending what you can never justify eos  eos trouble in mind ,  lord ,  trouble in mind eos lord ,  take away this trouble in mind eos  eos so many of my brothers ,  they still want to be the boss eos they ca n't relate to the lord 's kingdom ,  they ca n't relate to the cross eos they self - inflict punishment on their own broken lives eos put their faith in their possessions ,  in their jobs or their wives eos  eos trouble in mind ,  lord ,  trouble in mind eos lord ,  take away this trouble in mind eos  eos when my life is over ,  it 'll be like a puff of smoke eos how long must i suffer ,  lord ,  how long must i be provoked ?  eos satan will give you a little taste ,  then he 'll move in with rapid speed eos lord ,  keep my blind side covered and see that i do n't bleedbeyond the horizon ,  behind the sun eos at the end of the rainbow life has only begun eos in the long hours of twilight  ' neath the stardust above eos beyond the horizon it is easy to love eos  eos my wretched heart 's pounding eos i felt an angel 's kiss	 eos my memories are drowning eos in mortal bliss	 eos  eos beyond the horizon ,  in the springtime or fall eos love waits forever for one and for all  eos  eos beyond the horizon across the divide eos  ' round about midnight ,  we 'll be on the same side eos down in the valley the water runs cold eos beyond the horizon someone prayed for your soul eos  eos i 'm touched with desire eos what do n't i do ?  eos i 'll throw the logs on the fire eos i 'll build my world around you  eos  eos beyond the horizon ,  at the end of the game eos every step that you take ,  i 'm walking the same eos  eos beyond the horizon the night winds blow eos the theme of a melody from many moons ago eos the bells of st .  mary ,  how sweetly they chime eos beyond the horizon i found you just in time eos  eos it 's dark and it 's dreary eos i ponder in vain eos i 'm weakened ,  i 'm weary eos my repentance is plain eos  eos beyond the horizon o ' er the treacherous sea eos i still ca n't believe that you 've set aside your love for me eos  eos beyond the horizon ,   ' neath crimson skies  eos in the soft light of morning i 'll follow you with my eyes eos through countries and kingdoms and temples of stone eos beyond the horizon right down to the bone eos  eos it 's late in the season eos never knew ,  never cared eos whatever the reason eos someone 's life has been spared eos  eos beyond the horizon the sky is so blue eos i 've got more than a lifetime to live lovin '  youjohn wesley harding eos was a friend to the poor eos he trav ' led with a gun in ev ' ry hand eos all along this countryside eos he opened many a door eos but he was never known eos to hurt an honest man eos  eos  ' twas down in chaynee county eos a time they talk about eos with his lady by his side eos he took a stand eos and soon the situation there eos was all but straightened out eos for he was always known eos to lend a helping hand eos  eos all across the telegraph eos his name it did resound eos but no charge held against him eos could they prove eos and there was no man around eos who could track or chain him down eos he was never known eos to make a foolish moveshe 's got everything she needs eos she 's an artist ,  she do n't look back eos she 's got everything she needs eos she 's an artist ,  she do n't look back eos she can take the dark out of the nighttime eos and paint the daytime black eos  eos you will start out standing eos proud to steal her anything she sees eos you will start out standing eos proud to steal her anything she sees eos but you will wind up peeking through her keyhole eos down upon your knees eos  eos she never stumbles eos she 's got no place to fall eos she never stumbles eos she 's got no place to fall eos she 's nobody 's child eos the law ca n't touch her at all eos  eos she wears an egyptian ring eos that sparkles before she speaks eos she wears an egyptian ring eos that sparkles before she speaks eos she 's a hypnotist collector eos you are a walking antique eos  eos bow down to her on sunday eos salute her when her birthday comes eos bow down to her on sunday eos salute her when her birthday comes eos for halloween give her a trumpet eos and for christmas ,  buy her a drumshe was the rose of sharon from paradise lost eos from the city of seven hills near the place of the cross eos i was playing a show in miami in the theater of divine comedy eos told about jesus ,  told about the rain eos she told me about the jungle where her brothers were slain eos by a man who danced on the roof of the embassy eos  eos was she a child or a woman ,  i ca n't say which eos from one to another she could easily switch eos we went into the wall to where the long arm of the law could not reach eos could i been used and played as a pawn ?  eos it certainly was possible as the gay night wore on eos where men bathed in perfume and celebrated free speech eos  eos and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico eos fanning the flames in the furnace of desire eos and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free eos bringing everything that 's near to me nearer to the fire eos  eos she looked into my soul through the clothes that i wore eos she said ,   ' we got a mutual friend over by the door eos and you know he 's got our best interest in mind '  eos he was well connected but her heart was a snare eos and she had left him to die in there eos there were payments due and he was a little behind eos  eos the cry of the peacock ,  flies buzz my head eos ceiling fan broken ,  there 's a heat in my bed eos street band playing  ' nearer my god to thee '  eos we met at the steeple where the mission bells ring eos she said ,   ' i know what you 're thinking ,  but there ai n't a thing eos you can do about it ,  so let us just agree to agree '  eos  eos and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico eos fanning the flames in the furnace of desire eos and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free eos bringing everything that 's near to me nearer to the fire eos  eos atlantic city by the cold grey sea eos i hear a voice crying ,   ' daddy ,  '  i always think it 's for me eos but it 's only the silence in the buttermilk hills that call eos every new messenger brings evil report eos  ' bout armies on the march and time that is short eos and famines and earthquakes and hatred written upon walls eos  eos would i have married her ?  i do n't know ,  i suppose eos she had bells in her braids and they hung to her toes eos but i kept hearing my name and had to be movin '  on eos i saw screws break loose ,  saw the devil pound tin eos i saw a house in the country being torn from within eos i heard my ancestors calling from the land far beyond eos  eos and them caribbean winds still blow from nassau to mexico eos fanning the flames in the furnace of desire eos and them distant ships of liberty on them iron waves so bold and free eos bringing everything that 's near to me nearer to the fireheart of mine be still eos you can play with fire but you 'll get the bill eos do n't let her know eos do n't let her know that you love her eos do n't be a fool ,  do n't be blind eos heart of mine eos  eos heart of mine go back home eos you got no reason to wander ,  you got no reason to roam eos do n't let her see eos do n't let her see that you need her eos do n't put yourself over the line eos heart of mine eos  eos heart of mine go back where you been eos it 'll only be trouble for you if you let her in eos do n't let her hear eos do n't let her hear you want her eos do n't let her think you think she 's fine eos heart of mine eos  eos heart of mine you know that she 'll never be true eos she 'll only give to others the love that she 's gotten from you eos do n't let her know eos do n't let her know where you 're going eos do n't untie the ties that bind eos heart of mine eos  eos heart of mine so malicious and so full of guile eos give you an inch and you 'll take a mile eos do n't let yourself fall eos do n't let yourself stumble eos if you ca n't do the time ,  do n't do the crime eos heart of minetwilight on the frozen lake eos north wind about to break eos on footprints in the snow eos silence down below eos  eos you 're beautiful beyond words eos you 're beautiful to me eos you can make me cry eos never say goodbye eos  eos time is all i have to give eos you can have it if you choose eos with me you can live eos never say goodbye eos  eos my dreams are made of iron and steel eos with a big bouquet eos of roses hanging down eos from the heavens to the ground eos  eos the crashing waves roll over me eos as i stand upon the sand eos wait for you to come eos and grab hold of my hand eos  eos oh ,  baby ,  baby ,  baby blue eos you 'll change your last name ,  too eos you 've turned your hair to brown eos love to see it hangin '  downcome around you rovin '  gamblers and a story i will tell eos about the greatest gambler ,  you all should know him well eos his name was will o ' conley and he gambled all his life eos he had twenty - seven children ,  yet he never had a wife eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos he gambled in the white house and in the railroad yards eos wherever there was people ,  there was willie and his cards eos he had the reputation as the gamblin ' est man around eos wives would keep their husbands home when willie came to town eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos sailin '  down the mississippi to a town called new orleans eos they 're still talkin '  about their card game on that jackson river queen eos  ' i 've come to win some money ,  '  gamblin '  willie says eos when the game finally ended up ,  the whole damn boat was his eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos up in the rocky mountains in a town called cripple creek eos there was an all - night poker game ,  lasted about a week eos nine hundred miners had laid their money down eos when willie finally left the room ,  he owned the whole damn town eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos but willie had a heart of gold and this i know is true eos he supported all his children and all their mothers too eos he wore no rings or fancy things ,  like other gamblers wore eos he spread his money far and wide ,  to help the sick and the poor eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos when you played your cards with willie ,  you never really knew eos whether he was bluffin '  or whether he was true eos he won a fortune from a man who folded in his chair eos the man ,  he left a diamond flush ,  willie did n't even have a pair eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos it was late one evenin '  during a poker game eos a man lost all his money ,  he said willie was to blame eos he shot poor willie through the head ,  which was a tragic fate eos when willie 's cards fell on the floor ,  they were aces backed with eights eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knows eos  eos so all you rovin '  gamblers ,  wherever you might be eos the moral of the story is very plain to see eos make your money while you can ,  before you have to stop eos for when you pull that dead man 's hand ,  your gamblin '  days are up eos and it 's ride ,  willie ,  ride eos roll ,  willie ,  roll eos wherever you are a - gamblin '  now ,  nobody really knowsprecious angel ,  under the sun eos how was i to know you 'd be the one eos to show me i was blinded ,  to show me i was gone eos how weak was the foundation i was standing upon ?  eos  eos now there 's spiritual warfare and flesh and blood breaking down eos ya either got faith or ya got unbelief and there ai n't no neutral ground eos the enemy is subtle ,  how be it we are so deceived eos when the truth 's in our hearts and we still do n't believe ?  eos  eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos ya know i just could n't make it by myself eos i 'm a little too blind to see eos  eos my so - called friends have fallen under a spell eos they look me squarely in the eye and they say ,   ' all is well '  eos can they imagine the darkness that will fall from on high eos when men will beg god to kill them and they wo n't be able to die ?  eos  eos sister ,  lemme tell you about a vision i saw eos you were drawing water for your husband ,  you were suffering under the law eos you were telling him about buddha ,  you were telling him about mohammed eos in the same breath eos you never mentioned one time the man who came and died a criminal 's death eos  eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos ya know i just could n't make it by myself eos i 'm a little too blind to see eos  eos precious angel ,  you believe me when i say eos what god has given to us no man can take away eos we are covered in blood ,  girl ,  you know our forefathers were slaves eos let us hope they 've found mercy in their bone - filled graves eos  eos you 're the queen of my flesh ,  girl ,  you 're my woman ,  you 're my delight eos you 're the lamp of my soul ,  girl ,  and you torch up the night eos but there 's violence in the eyes ,  girl ,  so let us not be enticed eos on the way out of egypt ,  through ethiopia ,  to the judgment hall of christ eos  eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos shine your light ,  shine your light on me eos ya know i just could n't make it by myself eos i 'm a little too blind to see1 . 	now there 's a man you 'll hear about eos most anywhere you go ,  eos and his holdings are in texas eos and his name is diamond joe .  eos  eos 2 . 	and he carries all his money eos in a diamond - studded jar .  eos he never took much trouble eos with the process of the law .  eos  eos 3 . 	i hired out to diamond joe ,  boys ,  eos did offer him my hand ,  eos he gave a string of horses eos so old they could not stand .  eos  eos 4 . 	and i nearly starved to death ,  boys ,  eos he did mistreat me so ,  eos and i never saved a dollar eos in the pay of diamond joe .  eos  eos 5 . 	now his bread it was corn dodger eos and his meat you could n't chaw ,  eos nearly drove me crazy eos with the waggin '  of his jaw .  eos  eos 6 . 	and the tellin '  of his story ,  eos mean to let you know eos that there never was a rounder eos that could lie like diamond joe .  eos  eos 	instrumental eos  eos 7 . 	now ,  i tried three times to quit him ,  eos but he did argue so eos i 'm still punchin '  cattle eos in the pay of diamond joe .  eos  eos 8 . 	and when i 'm called up yonder eos and it 's my time to go ,  eos give my blankets to my buddies eos give the fleas to diamond joe . i am a man of constant sorrow eos i 've seen trouble all my days eos i 'll say goodbye to colorado eos where i was born and partly raised eos  eos through this open world i 'm a - bound to ramble eos through ice and snow ,  sleet and rain eos im a - bound to ride that mornin '  railroad eos perhaps i 'll die upon that train eos  eos your mother says that i 'm a stranger eos a face you 'll never see no more eos but here 's one promise to ya eos i 'll see you on god 's golden shore eos  eos i 'm a - goin '  back to colorado eos the place that i 've started from eos if i 'd knowed how bad you 'd treat me eos babe ,  i never would have comelook out your window ,  baby ,  there 's a scene you 'd like to catch eos the band is playing  ' dixie ,  '  a man got his hand outstretched eos could be the führer eos could be the local priest eos you know sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos he got a sweet gift of gab ,  he got a harmonious tongue eos he knows every song of love that ever has been sung eos good intentions can be evil eos both hands can be full of grease eos you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos well ,  first he 's in the background ,  then he 's in the front eos both eyes are looking like they 're on a rabbit hunt eos nobody can see through him eos no ,  not even the chief of police eos you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos well ,  he catch you when you 're hoping for a glimpse of the sun eos catch you when your troubles feel like they weigh a ton eos he could be standing next to you eos the person that you 'd notice least eos i hear that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos well ,  he can be fascinating ,  he can be dull eos he can ride down niagara falls in the barrels of your skull eos i can smell something cooking eos i can tell there 's going to be a feast eos you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos he 's a great humanitarian ,  he 's a great philanthropist eos he knows just where to touch you ,  honey ,  and how you like to be kissed eos he 'll put both his arms around you eos you can feel the tender touch of the beast eos you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos well ,  the howling wolf will howl tonight ,  the king snake will crawl eos trees that 've stood for a thousand years suddenly will fall eos wanna get married ?  do it now eos tomorrow all activity will cease eos you know that sometimes satan comes as a man of peace eos  eos somewhere mama 's weeping for her blue - eyed boy eos she 's holding them little white shoes and that little broken toy eos and he 's following a star eos the same one them three men followed from the east eos i hear that sometimes satan comes as a man of peaceif your mem ' ry serves you well eos we were goin '  to meet again and wait eos so i 'm goin '  to unpack all my things eos and sit before it gets too late eos no man alive will come to you eos with another tale to tell eos but you know that we shall meet again eos if your mem ' ry serves you well eos this wheel 's on fire eos rolling down the road eos best notify my next of kin eos this wheel shall explode !  eos  eos if your mem ' ry serves you well eos i was goin '  to confiscate your lace eos and wrap it up in a sailor 's knot eos and hide it in your case eos if i knew for sure that it was yours  .   .   .  eos but it was oh so hard to tell eos but you knew that we would meet again eos if your mem ' ry serves you well eos this wheel 's on fire eos rolling down the road eos best notify my next of kin eos this wheel shall explode !  eos  eos if your mem ' ry serves you well eos you 'll remember you 're the one eos that called on me to call on them eos to get you your favors done eos and after ev ' ry plan had failed eos and there was nothing more to tell eos you knew that we would meet again eos if your mem ' ry served you well eos this wheel 's on fire eos rolling down the road eos best notify my next of kin eos this wheel shall explode ! santa fe ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear santa fe eos my woman needs it ev ' ryday eos she promised this a - lad she 'd stay eos she 's rollin '  up a lotta bread to toss away eos  eos she 's in santa fe ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear santa fe eos now she 's opened up an old maid 's home eos she 's proud ,  but she needs to roam eos she 's gonna write herself a roadside poem about santa fe eos  eos santa fe ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear santa fe eos since i 'm never gonna cease to roam eos i 'm never ,  ever far from home eos but i 'll build a geodesic dome and sail away eos  eos do n't feel bad ,  no ,  no ,  no ,  no ,  do n't feel bad eos it 's the best food i 've ever had eos makes me feel so glad eos that she 's cooking in a homemade pad eos she never caught a cold so bad when i 'm away eos  eos santa fe ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear santa fe eos my shrimp boat 's in the bay eos i wo n't have my nature this way eos and i 'm leanin '  on the wheel each day to drift away from  eos  eos santa fe ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear ,  dear santa fe eos my sister looks good at home eos she 's lickin '  on an ice cream cone eos she 's packin '  her big white comb eos what does it weigh ? well ,  the pressure 's down ,  the boss ai n't here eos he gone north ,  he ai n't around eos they say that vanity got the best of him eos but he sure left here after sundown eos by the way ,  that 's a cute hat eos and that smile 's so hard to resist eos but what 's a sweetheart like you doin '  in a dump like this ?  eos  eos you know ,  i once knew a woman who looked like you eos she wanted a whole man ,  not just a half eos she used to call me sweet daddy when i was only a child eos you kind of remind me of her when you laugh eos in order to deal in this game ,  got to make the queen disappear eos it 's done with a flick of the wrist eos what 's a sweetheart like you doin '  in a dump like this ?  eos  eos you know ,  a woman like you should be at home eos that 's where you belong eos watching out for someone who loves you true eos who would never do you wrong eos just how much abuse will you be able to take ?  eos well ,  there 's no way to tell by that first kiss eos what 's a sweetheart like you doin '  in a dump like this ?  eos  eos you know you can make a name for yourself eos you can hear them tires squeal eos you can be known as the most beautiful woman eos who ever crawled across cut glass to make a deal eos  eos you know ,  news of you has come down the line eos even before ya came in the door eos they say in your father 's house ,  there 's many mansions eos each one of them got a fireproof floor eos snap out of it ,  baby ,  people are jealous of you eos they smile to your face ,  but behind your back they hiss eos what 's a sweetheart like you doin '  in a dump like this ?  eos  eos got to be an important person to be in here ,  honey eos got to have done some evil deed eos got to have your own harem when you come in the door eos got to play your harp until your lips bleed eos  eos they say that patriotism is the last refuge eos to which a scoundrel clings eos steal a little and they throw you in jail eos steal a lot and they make you king eos there 's only one step down from here ,  baby eos it 's called the land of permanent bliss eos what 's a sweetheart like you doin '  in a dump like this ? as i walked out tonight in the mystic garden eos the wounded flowers were dangling from the vines eos i was passing by yon cool and crystal fountain eos someone hit me from behind eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos through this weary world of woe eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos no one on earth would ever know eos  eos they say prayer has the power to help eos so pray from the mother eos in the human heart an evil spirit can dwell eos i 'm trying to love my neighbor and do good unto others eos but oh ,  mother ,  things ai n't going well eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos i 'll burn that bridge before you can cross eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos they 'll be no mercy for you once you 've lost eos  eos now i 'm all worn down by weepin '  eos my eyes are filled with tears ,  my lips are dry eos if i catch my opponents ever sleepin '  eos i 'll just slaughter them where they lie eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos through the world mysterious and vague eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos walking through the cities of the plague eos  eos the whole world is filled with speculation eos the whole wide world which people say is round eos they will tear your mind away from contemplation eos they will jump on your misfortune when you 're down eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos eatin '  hog - eyed grease in hog - eyed town eos heart burnin '  – still yearnin '  eos someday you 'll be glad to have me around eos  eos they will crush you with wealth and power eos every waking moment you could crack eos i 'll make the most of one last extra hour eos i 'll avenge my father 's death then i 'll step back eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos hand me down my walkin '  cane eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '   eos got to get you out of my miserable brain eos  eos all my loyal and much - loved companions eos they approve of me and share my code eos i practice a faith that 's been long abandoned eos ai n't no altars on this long and lonesome road eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos my mule is sick ,  my horse is blind eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos thinkin '   ' bout that gal i left behind eos  eos it 's bright in the heavens and the wheels are flying eos fame and honor never seem to fade eos the fire 's gone out but the light is never dying eos who says i ca n't get heavenly aid ?  eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos carrying a dead man 's shield  eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos walkin '  with a toothache in my heel eos  eos the suffering is unending eos every nook and cranny has it 's tears eos i 'm not playing ,  i 'm not pretending eos i 'm not nursing any superfluous fears eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos walkin '  ever since the other night eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos walkin '   ' til i 'm clean out of sight eos  eos as i walked out in the mystic garden eos on a hot summer day ,  hot summer lawn eos excuse me ,  ma ' am i beg your pardon eos there 's no one here ,  the gardener is gone eos  eos ai n't talkin '  ,  just walkin '  eos up the road around the bend eos heart burnin '  ,  still yearnin '  eos in the last outback ,  at the world 's endjohnny 's in the basement eos mixing up the medicine eos i 'm on the pavement eos thinking about the government eos the man in the trench coat eos badge out ,  laid off eos says he 's got a bad cough eos wants to get it paid off eos look out kid eos it 's somethin '  you did eos god knows when eos but you 're doin '  it again eos you better duck down the alley way eos lookin '  for a new friend eos the man in the coon - skin cap eos by the big pen eos wants eleven dollar bills eos you only got ten eos  eos maggie comes fleet foot eos face full of black soot eos talkin '  that the heat put eos plants in the bed but eos the phone 's tapped anyway eos maggie says that many say eos they must bust in early may eos orders from the d . a .  eos look out kid eos do n't matter what you did eos walk on your tiptoes eos do n't try  ' no - doz '  eos better stay away from those eos that carry around a fire hose eos keep a clean nose eos watch the plain clothes eos you do n't need a weatherman eos to know which way the wind blows eos  eos get sick ,  get well eos hang around a ink well eos ring bell ,  hard to tell eos if anything is goin '  to sell eos try hard ,  get barred eos get back ,  write braille eos get jailed ,  jump bail eos join the army ,  if you fail eos look out kid eos you 're gonna get hit eos but users ,  cheaters eos six - time losers eos hang around the theaters eos girl by the whirlpool eos lookin '  for a new fool eos do n't follow leaders eos watch the parkin '  meters eos  eos ah get born ,  keep warm eos short pants ,  romance ,  learn to dance eos get dressed ,  get blessed eos try to be a success eos please her ,  please him ,  buy gifts eos do n't steal ,  do n't lift eos twenty years of schoolin '  eos and they put you on the day shift eos look out kid eos they keep it all hid eos better jump down a manhole eos light yourself a candle eos do n't wear sandals eos try to avoid the scandals eos do n't wanna be a bum eos you better chew gum eos the pump do n't work eos  ' cause the vandals took the handlesearly one mornin '  the sun was shinin '  eos i was layin '  in bed eos wond ' rin '  if she 'd changed at all eos if her hair was still red eos her folks they said our lives together eos sure was gonna be rough eos they never did like mama 's homemade dress eos papa 's bankbook was n't big enough eos and i was standin '  on the side of the road eos rain fallin '  on my shoes eos heading out for the east coast eos lord knows i 've paid some dues gettin '  through eos tangled up in blue eos  eos she was married when we first met eos soon to be divorced eos i helped her out of a jam ,  i guess eos but i used a little too much force eos we drove that car as far as we could eos abandoned it out west eos split up on a dark sad night eos both agreeing it was best eos she turned around to look at me eos as i was walkin '  away eos i heard her say over my shoulder eos  ' we 'll meet again someday on the avenue '  eos tangled up in blue eos  eos i had a job in the great north woods eos working as a cook for a spell eos but i never did like it all that much eos and one day the ax just fell eos so i drifted down to new orleans eos where i happened to be employed eos workin '  for a while on a fishin '  boat eos right outside of delacroix eos but all the while i was alone eos the past was close behind eos i seen a lot of women eos but she never escaped my mind ,  and i just grew eos tangled up in blue eos  eos she was workin '  in a topless place eos and i stopped in for a beer eos i just kept lookin '  at the side of her face eos in the spotlight so clear eos and later on as the crowd thinned out eos i 's just about to do the same eos she was standing there in back of my chair eos said to me ,   ' do n't i know your name ?  '  eos i muttered somethin '  underneath my breath eos she studied the lines on my face eos i must admit i felt a little uneasy eos when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoe eos tangled up in blue eos  eos she lit a burner on the stove eos and offered me a pipe eos  ' i thought you 'd never say hello ,  '  she said eos  ' you look like the silent type '  eos then she opened up a book of poems eos and handed it to me eos written by an italian poet eos from the thirteenth century eos and every one of them words rang true eos and glowed like burnin '  coal eos pourin '  off of every page eos like it was written in my soul from me to you eos tangled up in blue eos  eos i lived with them on montague street eos in a basement down the stairs eos there was music in the cafés at night eos and revolution in the air eos then he started into dealing with slaves eos and something inside of him died eos she had to sell everything she owned eos and froze up inside eos and when finally the bottom fell out eos i became withdrawn eos the only thing i knew how to do eos was to keep on keepin '  on like a bird that flew eos tangled up in blue eos  eos so now i 'm goin '  back again eos i got to get to her somehow eos all the people we used to know eos they 're an illusion to me now eos some are mathematicians eos some are carpenters '  wives eos do n't know how it all got started eos i do n't know what they 're doin '  with their lives eos but me ,  i 'm still on the road eos headin '  for another joint eos we always did feel the same eos we just saw it from a different point of view eos tangled up in blueseen the arrow on the doorpost eos saying ,   ' this land is condemned eos all the way from new orleans eos to jerusalem '  eos i traveled through east texas eos where many martyrs fell eos and i know no one can sing the blues eos like blind willie mctell eos  eos well ,  i heard that hoot owl singing eos as they were taking down the tents eos the stars above the barren trees eos were his only audience eos them charcoal gypsy maidens eos can strut their feathers well eos but nobody can sing the blues eos like blind willie mctell eos  eos see them big plantations burning eos hear the cracking of the whips eos smell that sweet magnolia blooming eos see the ghosts of slavery ships eos i can hear them tribes a - moaning eos hear that undertaker 's bell eos nobody can sing the blues eos like blind willie mctell eos  eos there 's a woman by the river eos with some fine young handsome man eos he 's dressed up like a squire eos bootlegged whiskey in his hand eos there 's a chain gang on the highway eos i can hear them rebels yell eos and i know no one can sing the blues eos like blind willie mctell eos  eos well ,  god is in his heaven eos and we all want what 's his eos but power and greed and corruptible seed eos seem to be all that there is eos i 'm gazing out the window eos of the st .  james hotel eos and i know no one can sing the blues eos like blind willie mctellwell ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos tryin '  to bum a ride ,  tryin '  to bum a ride eos tryin '  to bum a ride eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos tryin '  to bum a ride ,  tryin '  to bum a ride eos tryin '  to bum a ride eos nobody seem to know me eos everybody pass me by eos  eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos tryin '  to hold up ,  tryin '  to hold up eos tryin '  to hold up and be brave eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos tryin '  to hold up ,  tryin '  to hold up and be brave eos one road 's goin '  to the bright lights eos the other 's goin '  down to my grave eos  eos well ,  i 'm lookin '  down at two cards eos they seem to be handmade eos well ,  i 'm lookin '  down at two cards eos they seem to be handmade eos one looks like it 's the ace of diamonds eos the other looks like it is the ace of spades eos  eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos watchin '  my life roll by eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos watchin '  my life roll by eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos tryin '  to bum a ride eos  eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos wonderin '  where everybody went ,  eos 	wonderin '  where everybody went eos wonderin '  where everybody went eos well ,  i 'm standin '  on the highway eos wonderin '  where everybody went ,  eos 	wonderin '  where everybody went eos wonderin '  where everybody went eos please mister ,  pick me up eos i swear i ai n't gonna kill nobody 's kids eos  eos i wonder if my good gal eos i wonder if she knows i 'm here eos nobody else seems to know i 'm here eos i wonder if my good gal eos i wonder if she knows i 'm here eos nobody else seems to know i 'm here eos if she knows i 'm here ,  lawd eos i wonder if she said a prayeri do n't care what you do ,  i do n't care what you say eos i do n't care where you go or how long you stay eos someday baby ,  you ai n't gonna worry po '  me any more eos  eos well you take my money and you turn me out eos you fill me up with nothin '  but self doubt eos someday baby ,  you ai n't gonna worry po '  me anymore eos  eos when i was young ,  driving was my crave  eos you drive me so hard ,  almost to the grave eos someday baby ,  you ai n't gonna worry po '  me anymore eos  eos i 'm so hard pressed ,  my mind tied up in knots eos i keep recycling the same old thoughts eos someday baby you ai n't gonna worry po '  me anymore eos  eos so many good things in life that i overlooked eos i do n't know what to do now ,  you got me so hooked eos someday baby you ai n't gonna worry po '  me any more eos  eos well ,  i do n't want to brag ,  but i 'm gonna ring your neck eos when all else fails i 'll make it a matter of self - respect eos someday baby ,  you ai n't gonna worry po '  me any more eos  eos you can take your clothes put  'm in a sack eos you goin '  down the road ,  baby and you ca n't come back eos someday baby you ai n't gonna worry po '  me any more eos  eos i try to be friendly ,  i try to be kind eos now i 'm gonna drive you from your home ,  just like i was driven from mine eos someday baby you ai n't gonna worry po '  me any more eos  eos living this way ai n't a natural thing to do eos why was i born to love you ?  eos someday baby ,  you ai n't gonna worry po '  me any more . oh ,  you can read out your bible eos you can fall down on your knees ,  pretty mama eos and pray to the lord eos but it ai n't gonna do no good eos  eos you 're gonna need eos you 're gonna need my help someday eos well ,  if you ca n't quit your sinnin '  eos please quit your low down ways eos  eos well ,  you can run down to the white house eos you can gaze at the capitol dome ,  pretty mama eos you can pound on the president 's gate eos but you oughta know by now it 's gonna be too late eos  eos you 're gonna need eos you 're gonna need my help someday eos well ,  if you ca n't quit your sinnin '  eos please quit your low down ways eos  eos well ,  you can run down to the desert eos throw yourself on the burning sand eos you can raise up your right hand ,  pretty mama eos but you better understand you done lost your one good man eos  eos you 're gonna need eos you 're gonna need my help someday eos well ,  if you ca n't quit your sinnin '  eos please quit your low down ways eos  eos and you can hitchhike on the highway eos you can stand all alone by the side of the road eos you can try to flag a ride back home ,  pretty mama eos but you ca n't ride in my car no more eos  eos you 're gonna need eos you 're gonna need my help someday eos well ,  if you ca n't quit your sinnin '  eos please quit your low down ways eos  eos oh ,  you can read out your bible eos you can fall down on your knees ,  pretty mama eos and pray to the lord eos but it ai n't gonna do no good eos  eos you 're gonna need eos you 're gonna need my help someday eos well ,  if you ca n't quit your sinnin '  eos please quit your low down wayswell ,  i was feelin '  sad and feelin '  blue eos i did n't know what in the world i wus gonna do eos them communists they wus comin '  around eos they wus in the air eos they wus on the ground eos they would n't gimme no peace  .   .   .  eos  eos so i run down most hurriedly eos and joined up with the john birch society eos i got me a secret membership card eos and started off a - walkin '  down the road eos yee - hoo ,  i 'm a real john bircher now !  eos look out you commies !  eos  eos now we all agree with hitler 's views eos although he killed six million jews eos it do n't matter too much that he was a fascist eos at least you ca n't say he was a communist !  eos that 's to say like if you got a cold you take a shot of malaria eos  eos well ,  i wus lookin '  everywhere for them gol - darned reds eos i got up in the mornin '   ' n '  looked under my bed eos looked in the sink ,  behind the door eos looked in the glove compartment of my car eos could n't find  ' em  .   .   .  eos  eos i wus lookin '  high an '  low for them reds everywhere eos i wus lookin '  in the sink an '  underneath the chair eos i looked way up my chimney hole eos i even looked deep down inside my toilet bowl eos they got away  .   .   .  eos  eos well ,  i wus sittin '  home alone an '  started to sweat eos figured they wus in my t . v .  set eos peeked behind the picture frame eos got a shock from my feet ,  hittin '  right up in the brain eos them reds caused it !  eos i know they did  .   .   .  them hard - core ones eos  eos well ,  i quit my job so i could work all alone eos then i changed my name to sherlock holmes eos followed some clues from my detective bag eos and discovered they wus red stripes on the american flag !  eos that ol '  betsy ross  .   .   .  eos  eos well ,  i investigated all the books in the library eos ninety percent of  ' em gotta be burned away eos i investigated all the people that i knowed eos ninety - eight percent of them gotta go eos the other two percent are fellow birchers  .   .   .  just like me eos  eos now eisenhower ,  he 's a russian spy eos lincoln ,  jefferson and that roosevelt guy eos to my knowledge there 's just one man eos that 's really a true american :  george lincoln rockwell eos i know for a fact he hates commies cus he picketed the movie exodus eos  eos well ,  i fin ' ly started thinkin '  straight eos when i run outa things to investigate eos could n't imagine doin '  anything else eos so now i 'm sittin '  home investigatin '  myself !  eos hope i do n't find out anything  .   .   .  hmm ,  great god ! clouds so swift eos rain wo n't lift eos gate wo n't close eos railings froze eos get your mind off wintertime eos you ai n't goin '  nowhere eos whoo - ee !  ride me high eos tomorrow 's the day eos my bride 's gonna come eos oh ,  oh ,  are we gonna fly eos down in the easy chair !  eos  eos i do n't care eos how many letters they sent eos morning came and morning went eos pick up your money eos and pack up your tent eos you ai n't goin '  nowhere eos whoo - ee !  ride me high eos tomorrow 's the day eos my bride 's gonna come eos oh ,  oh ,  are we gonna fly eos down in the easy chair !  eos  eos buy me a flute eos and a gun that shoots eos tailgates and substitutes eos strap yourself eos to the tree with roots eos you ai n't goin '  nowhere eos whoo - ee !  ride me high eos tomorrow 's the day eos my bride 's gonna come eos oh ,  oh ,  are we gonna fly eos down in the easy chair !  eos  eos genghis khan eos he could not keep eos all his kings eos supplied with sleep eos we 'll climb that hill no matter how steep eos when we get up to it eos whoo - ee !  ride me high eos tomorrow 's the day eos my bride 's gonna come eos oh ,  oh ,  are we gonna fly eos down in the easy chair ! denise ,  denise eos gal ,  what 's on your mind ?  eos denise ,  denise eos gal ,  what 's on your mind ?  eos you got your eyes closed eos heaven knows that you ai n't blind eos  eos well ,  i can see you smiling eos but oh your mouth is inside out eos i can see you smiling eos but you 're smiling inside out eos well ,  i know you 're laughin '  eos but what are you laughin '  about eos  eos well ,  if you 're tryin '  to throw me eos babe ,  i 've already been tossed eos if you 're tryin '  to throw me eos babe ,  i 've already been tossed eos babe ,  you 're tryin '  to lose me eos babe ,  i 'm already lost eos  eos well ,  what are you doing eos are you flying or have you flipped ?  eos oh ,  what are you doing eos are you flying or have you flipped ?  eos well ,  you call my name eos and then say your tongue just slipped eos  eos denise ,  denise eos you 're concealed here on the shelf eos denise ,  denise eos you 're concealed here on the shelf eos i 'm looking deep in your eyes ,  babe eos and all i can see is myselfseems like only yesterday eos i left my mind behind eos down in the gypsy café eos with a friend of a friend of mine eos she sat with a baby heavy on her knee eos yet spoke of life most free from slavery eos with eyes that showed no trace of misery eos a phrase in connection first with she i heard eos that love is just a four letter word eos  eos outside a rambling storefront window eos cats meowed to the break of day eos me ,  i kept my mouth shut ,  too eos to you i had no words to say eos my experience was limited and underfed eos you were talking while i hid eos to the one who was the father of your kid eos you probably did n't think i did ,  but i heard eos you say that love is just a four letter word eos  eos i said goodbye unnoticed eos pushed towards things in my own games eos drifting in and out of lifetimes eos unmentionable by name eos searching for my double ,  looking for eos complete evaporation to the core eos though i tried and failed at finding any door eos i must have thought that there was nothing more eos absurd than that love is just a four letter word eos  eos though i never knew just what you meant eos when you were speaking to your man eos i can only think in terms of me eos and now i understand eos after waking enough times to think i see eos the holy kiss that 's supposed to last eternity eos blow up in smoke ,  its destiny eos falls on strangers ,  travels free eos yes ,  i know now ,  traps are only set by me eos and i do not really need to be eos assured that love is just a four letter wordwell ,  frankie lee and judas priest eos they were the best of friends eos so when frankie lee needed money one day eos judas quickly pulled out a roll of tens eos and placed them on a footstool eos just above the plotted plain eos sayin '  ,   ' take your pick ,  frankie boy eos my loss will be your gain '  eos  eos well ,  frankie lee ,  he sat right down eos and put his fingers to his chin eos but with the cold eyes of judas on him eos his head began to spin eos  ' would ya please not stare at me like that ,  '  he said eos  ' it 's just my foolish pride eos but sometimes a man must be alone eos and this is no place to hide '  eos  eos well ,  judas ,  he just winked and said eos  ' all right ,  i 'll leave you here eos but you 'd better hurry up and choose which of those bills you want eos before they all disappear '  eos  ' i 'm gonna start my pickin '  right now eos just tell me where you 'll be '  eos judas pointed down the road eos and said ,   ' eternity !  '  eos  eos  ' eternity ?  '  said frankie lee eos with a voice as cold as ice eos  ' that 's right ,  '  said judas priest ,   ' eternity eos though you might call it  ' paradise '  '  eos  ' i do n't call it anything '  eos said frankie lee with a smile eos  ' all right ,  '  said judas priest eos  ' i 'll see you after a while '  eos  eos well ,  frankie lee ,  he sat back down eos feelin '  low and mean eos when just then a passing stranger eos burst upon the scene eos saying ,   ' are you frankie lee ,  the gambler eos whose father is deceased ?  eos well ,  if you are ,  there 's a fellow callin '  you down the road eos and they say his name is priest '  eos  eos  ' oh ,  yes ,  he is my friend '  eos said frankie lee in fright eos  ' i do recall him very well eos in fact ,  he just left my sight '  eos  ' yes ,  that 's the one ,  '  said the stranger eos as quiet as a mouse eos  ' well ,  my message is ,  he 's down the road eos stranded in a house '  eos  eos well ,  frankie lee ,  he panicked eos he dropped ev ' rything and ran eos until he came up to the spot eos where judas priest did stand eos  ' what kind of house is this ,  '  he said eos  ' where i have come to roam ?  '  eos  ' it 's not a house ,  '  said judas priest eos  ' it 's not a house  .   .   .  it 's a home '  eos  eos well ,  frankie lee ,  he trembled eos he soon lost all control eos over ev ' rything which he had made eos while the mission bells did toll eos he just stood there staring eos at that big house as bright as any sun eos with four and twenty windows eos and a woman 's face in ev ' ry one eos  eos well ,  up the stairs ran frankie lee eos with a soulful ,  bounding leap eos and ,  foaming at the mouth eos he began to make his midnight creep eos for sixteen nights and days he raved eos but on the seventeenth he burst eos into the arms of judas priest eos which is where he died of thirst eos  eos no one tried to say a thing eos when they took him out in jest eos except ,  of course ,  the little neighbor boy eos who carried him to rest eos and he just walked along ,  alone eos with his guilt so well concealed eos and muttered underneath his breath eos  ' nothing is revealed '  eos  eos well ,  the moral of the story eos the moral of this song eos is simply that one should never be eos where one does not belong eos so when you see your neighbor carryin '  somethin '  eos help him with his load eos and do n't go mistaking paradise eos for that home across the roadone time in london i 'd gone out for a walk eos past a place called hyde park where people talk eos  ' bout all kinds of different gods ,  they have their point of view eos to anyone passing by ,  that 's who they 're talking to eos  eos there was someone on a platform talking to the folks eos about the t . v .  god and all the pain that it invokes eos  ' it 's too bright a light ,  '  he said ,   ' for anybody 's eyes eos if you 've never seen one it 's a blessing in disguise '  eos  eos i moved in closer ,  got up on my toes eos two men in front of me were coming to blows eos the man was saying something  ' bout children when they 're young eos being sacrificed to it while lullabies are being sung eos  eos  ' the news of the day is on all the time eos all the latest gossip ,  all the latest rhyme eos your mind is your temple ,  keep it beautiful and free eos do n't let an egg get laid in it by something you ca n't see '  eos  eos  ' pray for peace !  '  he said .  you could feel it in the crowd eos my thoughts began to wander .  his voice was ringing loud eos  ' it will destroy your family ,  your happy home is gone eos no one can protect you from it once you turn it on '  eos  eos  ' it will lead you into some strange pursuits eos lead you to the land of forbidden fruits eos it will scramble up your head and drag your brain about eos sometimes you gotta do like elvis did and shoot the damn thing out '  eos  eos  ' it 's all been designed ,  '  he said ,   ' to make you lose your mind eos and when you go back to find it ,  there 's nothing there to find eos every time you look at it ,  your situation 's worse eos if you feel it grabbing out for you ,  send for the nurse "  eos  eos the crowd began to riot and they grabbed hold of the man eos there was pushing ,  there was shoving and everybody ran eos the t . v .  crew was there to film it ,  they jumped right over me eos later on that evening ,  i watched it on t . v . some time ago a crazy dream came to me eos i dreamt i was walkin '  into world war three eos i went to the doctor the very next day eos to see what kinda words he could say eos he said it was a bad dream eos i would n't worry  ' bout it none ,  though eos they were my own dreams and they 're only in my head eos  eos i said ,   ' hold it ,  doc ,  a world war passed through my brain '  eos he said ,   ' nurse ,  get your pad ,  this boy 's insane '  eos he grabbed my arm ,  i said ,   ' ouch !  '  eos as i landed on the psychiatric couch eos he said ,   ' tell me about it '  eos  eos well ,  the whole thing started at 3 o ' clock fast eos it was all over by quarter past eos i was down in the sewer with some little lover eos when i peeked out from a manhole cover eos wondering who turned the lights on eos  eos well ,  i got up and walked around eos and up and down the lonesome town eos i stood a - wondering which way to go eos i lit a cigarette on a parking meter and walked on down the road eos it was a normal day eos  eos well ,  i rung the fallout shelter bell eos and i leaned my head and i gave a yell eos  ' give me a string bean ,  i 'm a hungry man '  eos a shotgun fired and away i ran eos i do n't blame them too much though ,  i know i look funny eos  eos down at the corner by a hot - dog stand eos i seen a man eos i said ,   ' howdy friend ,  i guess there 's just us two '  eos he screamed a bit and away he flew eos thought i was a communist eos  eos well ,  i spied a girl and before she could leave eos  ' let 's go and play adam and eve '  eos i took her by the hand and my heart it was thumpin '  eos when she said ,   ' hey man ,  you crazy or sumpin '  eos you see what happened last time they started '  eos  eos well ,  i seen a cadillac window uptown eos and there was nobody aroun '  eos i got into the driver 's seat eos and i drove down 42nd street eos in my cadillac .  good car to drive after a war eos  eos well ,  i remember seein '  some ad eos so i turned on my conelrad eos but i did n't pay my con ed bill eos so the radio did n't work so well eos turned on my record player— eos it was rock - a - day johnny singin '  ,   ' tell your ma ,  tell your pa eos our love 's a - gonna grow ooh - wah ,  ooh - wah '  eos  eos i was feelin '  kinda lonesome and blue eos i needed somebody to talk to eos so i called up the operator of time eos just to hear a voice of some kind eos  ' when you hear the beep it will be three o ' clock '  eos she said that for over an hour eos and i hung up eos  eos well ,  the doctor interrupted me just about then eos sayin '  ,   ' hey i 've been havin '  the same old dreams eos but mine was a little different you see eos i dreamt that the only person left after the war was me eos i did n't see you around '  eos  eos well ,  now time passed and now it seems eos everybody 's having them dreams eos everybody sees themselves eos walkin '  around with no one else eos half of the people can be part right all of the time eos some of the people can be all right part of the time eos but all of the people ca n't be all right all of the time eos i think abraham lincoln said that eos  ' i 'll let you be in my dreams if i can be in yours '  eos i said thatyou speak to me eos in sign language eos as i 'm eating a sandwich eos in a small café eos at a quarter to three eos but i ca n't respond eos to your sign language eos you 're taking advantage eos bringing me down eos ca n't you make any sound ?  eos  eos  ' twas there by the bakery eos surrounded by fakery eos tell her my story eos still i 'm still there eos does she know i still care ?  eos  eos link wray was playin '  eos on a jukebox i was payin '  eos for the words i was sayin '  eos so misunderstood eos he did n't do me no good eos  eos you speak to me eos in sign language eos as i 'm eating a sandwich eos in a small café eos at a quarter to three eos but i ca n't respond eos to your sign language eos you 're taking advantage eos bringing me down eos ca n't you make any sound ? they say ev ' rything can be replaced eos yet ev ' ry distance is not near eos so i remember ev ' ry face eos of ev ' ry man who put me here eos i see my light come shining eos from the west unto the east eos any day now ,  any day now eos i shall be released eos  eos they say ev ' ry man needs protection eos they say ev ' ry man must fall eos yet i swear i see my reflection eos some place so high above this wall eos i see my light come shining eos from the west unto the east eos any day now ,  any day now eos i shall be released eos  eos standing next to me in this lonely crowd eos is a man who swears he 's not to blame eos all day long i hear him shout so loud eos crying out that he was framed eos i see my light come shining eos from the west unto the east eos any day now ,  any day now eos i shall be releasedi 've been a moonshiner ,  eos for seventeen long years ,  eos i 've spent all my money ,  eos on whiskey and beer ,  eos i go to some hollow ,  eos and sit at my still eos and if whiskey dont kill me ,  eos then i dont know what will ,  eos  eos i go to some bar room ,  eos and drink with my friends ,  eos where the women cant follow ,  eos and see what i spend ,  eos god bless them pretty women ,  eos i wish they was mine ,  eos their breath is as sweet ,  eos the dew on the vine ,  eos  eos let me eat when i am hungry ,  eos let me drink when i am dry ,  eos a dollar when i am hard up ,  eos religion when i die ,  eos the whole world 's a bottle ,  eos and life 's but a dram ,  eos when the bottle gets empty ,  eos it sure ai n't worth a damn . while riding on a train goin '  west eos i fell asleep for to take my rest eos i dreamed a dream that made me sad eos concerning myself and the first few friends i had eos  eos with half - damp eyes i stared to the room eos where my friends and i spent many an afternoon eos where we together weathered many a storm eos laughin '  and singin '  till the early hours of the morn eos  eos by the old wooden stove where our hats was hung eos our words were told ,  our songs were sung eos where we longed for nothin '  and were quite satisfied eos talkin '  and a - jokin '  about the world outside eos  eos with haunted hearts through the heat and cold eos we never thought we could ever get old eos we thought we could sit forever in fun eos but our chances really was a million to one eos  eos as easy it was to tell black from white eos it was all that easy to tell wrong from right eos and our choices were few and the thought never hit eos that the one road we traveled would ever shatter and split eos  eos how many a year has passed and gone eos and many a gamble has been lost and won eos and many a road taken by many a friend eos and each one i 've never seen again eos  eos i wish ,  i wish ,  i wish in vain eos that we could sit simply in that room again eos ten thousand dollars at the drop of a hat eos i 'd give it all gladly if our lives could be like thati 'm just average ,  common too eos i 'm just like him ,  the same as you eos i 'm everybody 's brother and son eos i ai n't different from anyone eos it ai n't no use a - talking to me eos it 's just the same as talking to you eos  eos i was shadow - boxing earlier in the day eos i figured i was ready for cassius clay eos i said  ' fee ,  fie ,  fo ,  fum ,  cassius clay ,  here i come eos 26 ,  27 ,  28 ,  29 ,  i 'm gonna make your face look just like mine eos five ,  four ,  three ,  two ,  one ,  cassius clay you 'd better run eos 99 ,  100 ,  101 ,  102 ,  your ma wo n't even recognize you eos 14 ,  15 ,  16 ,  17 ,  18 ,  19 ,  gonna knock him clean right out of his spleen '  eos  eos well ,  i do n't know ,  but i 've been told eos the streets in heaven are lined with gold eos i ask you how things could get much worse eos if the russians happen to get up there first eos wowee !  pretty scary !  eos  eos now ,  i 'm liberal ,  but to a degree eos i want ev ' rybody to be free eos but if you think that i 'll let barry goldwater eos move in next door and marry my daughter eos you must think i 'm crazy !  eos i would n't let him do it for all the farms in cuba eos  eos well ,  i set my monkey on the log eos and ordered him to do the dog eos he wagged his tail and shook his head eos and he went and did the cat instead eos he 's a weird monkey ,  very funky eos  eos i sat with my high - heeled sneakers on eos waiting to play tennis in the noonday sun eos i had my white shorts rolled up past my waist eos and my wig - hat was falling in my face eos but they would n't let me on the tennis court eos  eos i got a woman ,  she 's so mean eos she sticks my boots in the washing machine eos sticks me with buckshot when i 'm nude eos puts bubblegum in my food eos she 's funny ,  wants my money ,  calls me  ' honey '  eos  eos now i got a friend who spends his life eos stabbing my picture with a bowie knife eos dreams of strangling me with a scarf eos when my name comes up he pretends to barf eos i 've got a million friends !  eos  eos now they asked me to read a poem eos at the sorority sisters '  home eos i got knocked down and my head was swimmin '  eos i wound up with the dean of women eos yippee !  i 'm a poet ,  and i know it eos hope i do n't blow it eos  eos i 'm gonna grow my hair down to my feet so strange eos so i look like a walking mountain range eos and i 'm gonna ride into omaha on a horse eos out to the country club and the golf course eos carry the new york times ,  shoot a few holes ,  blow their minds eos  eos now you 're probably wondering by now eos just what this song is all about eos what 's probably got you baffled more eos is what this thing here is for eos it 's nothing eos it 's something i learned over in englandas i was out walking on a corner one day eos i spied an old hobo ,  in a doorway he lay eos his face was all grounded in the cold sidewalk floor eos and i guess he 'd been there for the whole night or more eos  eos only a hobo ,  but one more is gone eos leavin '  nobody to sing his sad song eos leavin '  nobody to carry him home eos only a hobo ,  but one more is gone eos  eos a blanket of newspaper covered his head eos as the curb was his pillow ,  the street was his bed eos one look at his face showed the hard road he 'd come eos and a fistful of coins showed the money he bummed eos  eos only a hobo ,  but one more is gone eos leavin '  nobody to sing his sad song eos leavin '  nobody to carry him home eos only a hobo ,  but one more is gone eos  eos does it take much of a man to see his whole life go down eos to look up on the world from a hole in the ground eos to wait for your future like a horse that 's gone lame eos to lie in the gutter and die with no name ?  eos  eos only a hobo ,  but one more is gone eos leavin '  nobody to sing his sad song eos leavin '  nobody to carry him home eos only a hobo ,  but one more is gonethree angels up above the street eos each one playing a horn eos dressed in green robes with wings that stick out eos they 've been there since christmas morn eos the wildest cat from montana passes by in a flash eos then a lady in a bright orange dress eos one u - haul trailer ,  a truck with no wheels eos the tenth avenue bus going west eos the dogs and pigeons fly up and they flutter around eos a man with a badge skips by eos three fellas crawlin '  on their way back to work eos nobody stops to ask why eos the bakery truck stops outside of that fence eos where the angels stand high on their poles eos the driver peeks out ,  trying to find one face eos in this concrete world full of souls eos the angels play on their horns all day eos the whole earth in progression seems to pass by eos but does anyone hear the music they play eos does anyone even try ? someone 's got it in for me ,  they 're planting stories in the press eos whoever it is i wish they 'd cut it out but when they will i can only guess eos they say i shot a man named gray and took his wife to italy eos she inherited a million bucks and when she died it came to me eos i ca n't help it if i 'm lucky eos  eos people see me all the time and they just ca n't remember how to act eos their minds are filled with big ideas ,  images and distorted facts eos even you ,  yesterday you had to ask me where it was at eos i could n't believe after all these years ,  you did n't know me better than that eos sweet lady eos  eos idiot wind ,  blowing every time you move your mouth eos blowing down the backroads headin '  south eos idiot wind ,  blowing every time you move your teeth eos you 're an idiot ,  babe eos it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe eos  eos i ran into the fortune - teller ,  who said beware of lightning that might strike eos i have n't known peace and quiet for so long i ca n't remember what it 's like eos there 's a lone soldier on the cross ,  smoke pourin '  out of a boxcar door eos you did n't know it ,  you did n't think it could be done ,  in the final end he won the wars eos after losin '  every battle eos  eos i woke up on the roadside ,  daydreamin '   ' bout the way things sometimes are eos visions of your chestnut mare shoot through my head and are makin '  me see stars eos you hurt the ones that i love best and cover up the truth with lies eos one day you 'll be in the ditch ,  flies buzzin '  around your eyes eos blood on your saddle eos  eos idiot wind ,  blowing through the flowers on your tomb eos blowing through the curtains in your room eos idiot wind ,  blowing every time you move your teeth eos you 're an idiot ,  babe eos it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe eos  eos it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart eos you tamed the lion in my cage but it just was n't enough to change my heart eos now everything 's a little upside down ,  as a matter of fact the wheels have stopped eos what 's good is bad ,  what 's bad is good ,  you 'll find out when you reach the top eos you 're on the bottom eos  eos i noticed at the ceremony ,  your corrupt ways had finally made you blind eos i ca n't remember your face anymore ,  your mouth has changed ,  your eyes eos do n't look into mine eos the priest wore black on the seventh day and sat stone - faced while the eos building burned eos i waited for you on the running boards ,  near the cypress trees ,  while the eos springtime turned eos slowly into autumn eos  eos idiot wind ,  blowing like a circle around my skull eos from the grand coulee dam to the capitol eos idiot wind ,  blowing every time you move your teeth eos you 're an idiot ,  babe eos it 's a wonder that you still know how to breathe eos  eos i ca n't feel you anymore ,  i ca n't even touch the books you 've read eos every time i crawl past your door ,  i been wishin '  i was somebody else instead eos down the highway ,  down the tracks ,  down the road to ecstasy eos i followed you beneath the stars ,  hounded by your memory eos and all your ragin '  glory eos  eos i been double - crossed now for the very last time and now i 'm finally free eos i kissed goodbye the howling beast on the borderline which separated you from me eos you 'll never know the hurt i suffered nor the pain i rise above eos and i 'll never know the same about you ,  your holiness or your kind of love eos and it makes me feel so sorry eos  eos idiot wind ,  blowing through the buttons of our coats eos blowing through the letters that we wrote eos idiot wind ,  blowing through the dust upon our shelves eos we 're idiots ,  babe eos it 's a wonder we can even feed ourselvesstake my future on a hell of a past eos looks like tomorrow is coming on fast eos ai n't complaining  ' bout what i got eos seen better times ,  but who has not ?  eos  eos silvio eos silver and gold eos wo n't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold eos silvio eos i gotta go eos find out something only dead men know eos  eos honest as the next jade rolling that stone eos when i come knocking do n't throw me no bone eos i 'm an old boll weevil looking for a home eos if you do n't like it you can leave me alone eos  eos i can snap my fingers and require the rain eos from a clear blue sky and turn it off again eos i can stroke your body and relieve your pain eos and charm the whistle off an evening train eos  eos i give what i got until i got no more eos i take what i get until i even the score eos you know i love you and furthermore eos when it 's time to go you got an open door eos  eos i can tell you fancy ,  i can tell you plain eos you give something up for everything you gain eos since every pleasure 's got an edge of pain eos pay for your ticket and do n't complain eos  eos one of these days and it wo n't be long eos going down in the valley and sing my song eos i will sing it loud and sing it strong eos let the echo decide if i was right or wrong eos  eos silvio eos silver and gold eos wo n't buy back the beat of a heart grown cold eos silvio eos i gotta go eos find out something only dead men knowoh it 's fare thee well my darlin '  true eos i 'm leavin '  in the first hour of the morn eos i 'm bound off for the bay of mexico eos or maybe the coast of californ eos so it 's fare thee well my own true love eos we 'll meet another day ,  another time eos it ai n't the leavin '  eos that 's a - grievin '  me eos but my true love who 's bound to stay behind eos  eos oh the weather is against me and the wind blows hard eos and the rain she 's a - turnin '  into hail eos i still might strike it lucky on a highway goin '  west eos though i 'm travelin '  on a path beaten trail eos so it 's fare thee well my own true love eos we 'll meet another day ,  another time eos it ai n't the leavin '  eos that 's a - grievin '  me eos but my true love who 's bound to stay behind eos  eos i will write you a letter from time to time eos as i 'm ramblin '  you can travel with me too eos with my head ,  my heart and my hands ,  my love eos i will send what i learn back home to you eos so it 's fare thee well my own true love eos we 'll meet another day ,  another time eos it ai n't the leavin '  eos that 's a - grievin '  me eos but my true love who 's bound to stay behind eos  eos i will tell you of the laughter and of troubles eos be them somebody else 's or my own eos with my hands in my pockets and my coat collar high eos i will travel unnoticed and unknown eos so it 's fare thee well my own true love eos we 'll meet another day ,  another time eos it ai n't the leavin '  eos that 's a - grievin '  me eos but my true love who 's bound to stay behind eos  eos i 've heard tell of a town where i might as well be bound eos it 's down around the old mexican plains eos they say that the people are all friendly there eos and all they ask of you is your name eos so it 's fare thee well my own true love eos we 'll meet another day ,  another time eos it ai n't the leavin '  eos that 's a - grievin '  me eos but my true love who 's bound to stay behindsometimes i feel so low - down and disgusted eos ca n't help but wonder what 's happenin '  to my companions eos are they lost or are they found eos have they counted the cost it 'll take to bring down eos all their earthly principles they 're gonna have to abandon ?  eos there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bend eos  eos i had a woman down in alabama eos she was a backwoods girl ,  but she sure was realistic eos she said ,   ' boy ,  without a doubt eos have to quit your mess and straighten out eos you could die down here ,  be just another accident statistic '  eos there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bend eos  eos all that foreign oil controlling american soil eos look around you ,  it 's just bound to make you embarrassed eos sheiks walkin '  around like kings eos wearing fancy jewels and nose rings eos deciding america 's future from amsterdam and to paris eos and there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bend eos  eos man 's ego is inflated ,  his laws are outdated ,  they do n't apply no more eos you ca n't rely no more to be standin '  around waitin '  eos in the home of the brave eos jefferson turnin '  over in his grave eos fools glorifying themselves ,  trying to manipulate satan eos and there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bend eos  eos big - time negotiators ,  false healers and woman haters eos masters of the bluff and masters of the proposition eos but the enemy i see eos wears a cloak of decency eos all nonbelievers and men stealers talkin '  in the name of religion eos and there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bend eos  eos people starving and thirsting ,  grain elevators are bursting eos oh ,  you know it costs more to store the food than it do to give it eos they say lose your inhibitions eos follow your own ambitions eos they talk about a life of brotherly love show me someone who knows how to live it eos there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bend eos  eos well ,  my baby went to illinois with some bad - talkin '  boy she could destroy eos a real suicide case ,  but there was nothin '  i could do to stop it eos i do n't care about economy eos i do n't care about astronomy eos but it sure do bother me to see my loved ones turning into puppets eos there 's a slow ,  slow train comin '  up around the bendi first heard this from ric von schmidt .  he lives in cambridge .  eos ric is a blues guitarplayer .  i met him one day on  eos the green pastures of the harvard university .   -  eos  eos baby let me follow you down ,  baby let me follow you down eos well i 'll do anything in this godalmighty world eos if you just let me follow you down .  eos  eos can i come home with you ,  baby can i come home with you  ?  eos yes i 'll do anything in this godalmighty world eos if you just let me come home with you .  eos  eos baby let me follow you down ,  baby let me follow you down eos well i 'll do anything in this godalmighty world eos if you just let me follow you down .  eos  eos yes i 'll do anything in this godalmighty world eos if you just let me follow you down . well ,  i ride on a mailtrain ,  baby eos ca n't buy a thrill eos well ,  i 've been up all night ,  baby eos leanin '  on the windowsill eos well ,  if i die eos on top of the hill eos and if i do n't make it eos you know my baby will eos  eos do n't the moon look good ,  mama eos shinin '  through the trees ?  eos do n't the brakeman look good ,  mama eos flagging down the  ' double e ?  '  eos do n't the sun look good eos goin '  down over the sea ?  eos do n't my gal look fine eos when she 's comin '  after me ?  eos  eos now the wintertime is coming eos the windows are filled with frost eos i went to tell everybody eos but i could not get across eos well ,  i wanna be your lover ,  baby eos i do n't wanna be your boss eos do n't say i never warned you eos when your train gets lost1 . 	well ,  it 's all of  fair and handsome girl ,  eos she 's all in her tender years .  eos she fell in love with a sailor boy ,  eos it 's true she loved him well .  eos for to go off to sea with him eos like she did not know how ,  eos she longed to see that seaport town eos of canadee - i - o .  eos  eos 2 . 	so she bargained with the sailor boy ,  eos all for a piece of gold .  eos straightaway then he led her eos down into the hold ,  eos sayin '  ,   " i 'll dress you up in sailor 's clothes ,  eos your jacket shall be blue .  eos you 'll see that seaport town eos of canadee - i - o .  eos  eos 3 . 	now ,  when the other sailors heard the news ,  eos well ,  they fell into a rage ,  eos and with all the ship 's company eos they were willing to engage .  eos saying ,   " we 'll tie her hands and feet ,  my boys ,  eos overboard we 'll throw her .  eos she 'll never see that seaport town eos called canadee - i - o .  eos  eos 4 . 	now ,  when the captain he heard the news ,  eos well ,  he too fell in a rage ,  eos and with the whole ship 's company eos he was willing to engage ,  eos sayin '  ,   " she 'll stay in sailor 's clothes ,  eos her color shall be blue ,  eos she 'll see that seaport town eos call canadee - i - o .  eos  eos 5 . 	now ,  when they come down to canada eos scarcely  ' bout half a year ,  eos she 's married this bold captain eos who called her his dear .  eos she 's dressed in silks and satins now ,  eos she cuts a gallant show ,  eos finest of the ladies eos down canadee - i - o .  eos  eos 6 . 	come ,  all you fair and tender girls ,  eos wheresoever you may be ,  eos i 'd have you to follow your own true love eos whene ' er he goes to sea .  eos for if the sailors prove false to you ,  eos well ,  the captain ,  he might prove true .  eos you 'll see the honor i have gained eos by the wearing of the blue . im just a poor boy eos though my storys seldom told eos i have squadered my resistance eos for a pocketful of numbles eos such are promises ,  all lies and jest eos still a man hears what he wants to hear eos and disregards the rest .  eos  eos when i left my home and family eos i was no more than a boy eos in the company of strangers eos in the quiet of the railway station eos running scared ,  laying low eos seeking out the poorer quarters eos where the ragged people go eos looking for the places only they would know .  eos  eos asking only workmans wages eos i come looking for a job eos but i get no offers eos just a come - on from the whores on seventh avenue eos i do declare eos there were times when i was so lonesome eos i took some comfort there .  eos  eos then im laying out my winter clothes eos and wishing i was gone ,  going home eos where the new york city winters arent bleeding me eos leading me eos going home .  eos  eos in the clearing stands a boxer eos and a fighter by his trade eos and he carries the reminders eos of every glove that laid him down eos and cut him till he cried out eos in his anger and his shame eos i am leaving ,  i am leaving eos but the fighter still remains . crickets are chirpin '  ,  the water is high eos there 's a soft cotton dress on the line hangin '  dry eos window wide open ,  african trees eos bent over backwards from a hurricane breeze eos not a word of goodbye ,  not even a note eos she gone with the man eos in the long black coat eos  eos somebody seen him hanging around eos at the old dance hall on the outskirts of town eos he looked into her eyes when she stopped him to ask eos if he wanted to dance ,  he had a face like a mask eos somebody said from the bible he 'd quote eos there was dust on the man eos in the long black coat eos  eos preacher was a talkin '  ,  there 's a sermon he gave eos he said every man 's conscience is vile and depraved eos you cannot depend on it to be your guide eos when it 's you who must keep it satisfied eos it ai n't easy to swallow ,  it sticks in the throat eos she gave her heart to the man eos in the long black coat eos  eos there are no mistakes in life some people say eos it is true sometimes you can see it that way eos but people do n't live or die ,  people just float eos she went with the man eos in the long black coat eos  eos there 's smoke on the water ,  it 's been there since june eos tree trunks uprooted ,   ' neath the high crescent moon eos feel the pulse and vibration and the rumbling force eos somebody is out there beating a dead horse eos she never said nothing ,  there was nothing she wrote eos she gone with the man eos in the long black coati pulled into nazareth ,  was feelin '  about half past dead ;  eos i just need some place where i can lay my head .  eos  " hey ,  mister ,  can you tell me where a man might find a bed ?  "  eos he just grinned and shook my hand ,  and  " no !  "  ,  was all he said .  eos  eos take a load off fanny ,  take a load for free ;  eos take a load off fanny ,  and  ( and )   ( and )  you can put the load right on me .  eos  eos i picked up my bag ,  i went lookin '  for a place to hide ;  eos when i saw carmen and the devil walkin '  side by side .  eos i said ,   " hey ,  carmen ,  come on ,  let 's go downtown .  "  eos she said ,   " i gotta go ,  but m ' friend can stick around .  "  eos  eos take a load off fanny ,  take a load for free ;  eos take a load off fanny ,  and  ( and )   ( and )  you can put the load right on me .  eos  eos go down ,  miss moses ,  there 's nothin '  you can say eos it 's just ol '  luke ,  and luke 's waitin '  on the judgement day .  eos  " well ,  luke ,  my friend ,  what about young anna lee ?  "  eos he said ,   " do me a favor ,  son ,  woncha stay an '  keep anna lee company ?  "  eos  eos take a load off fanny ,  take a load for free ;  eos take a load off fanny ,  and  ( and )   ( and )  you can put the load right on me .  eos  eos crazy chester followed me ,  and he caught me in the fog .  eos he said ,   " i will fix your rack ,  if you 'll take jack ,  my dog .  "  eos i said ,   " wait a minute ,  chester ,  you know i 'm a peaceful man .  "  eos he said ,   " that 's okay ,  boy ,  wo n't you feed him when you can .  "  eos  eos take a load off fanny ,  take a load for free ;  eos take a load off fanny ,  and  ( and )   ( and )  you can put the load right on me .  eos  eos catch a cannon ball now ,  t ' take me down the line eos my bag is sinkin '  low and i do believe it 's time .  eos to get back to miss fanny ,  you know she 's the only one .  eos who sent me here with her regards for everyone .  eos  eos take a load off fanny ,  take a load for free ;  eos take a load off fanny ,  and  ( and )   ( and )  you can put the load right on me . it 's unbelievable ,  it 's strange but true eos it 's inconceivable it could happen to you eos you go north and you go south eos just like bait in the fish 's mouth eos ya must be livin '  in the shadow of some kind of evil star eos it 's unbelievable it would get this far eos  eos it 's undeniable what they 'd have you to think eos it 's indescribable ,  it can drive you to drink eos they said it was the land of milk and honey eos now they say it 's the land of money eos who ever thought they could ever make that stick eos it 's unbelievable you can get this rich this quick eos  eos every head is so dignified eos every moon is so sanctified eos every urge is so satisfied as long as you 're with me eos all the silver ,  all the gold eos all the sweethearts you can hold eos that do n't come back with stories untold eos are hanging on a tree eos  eos it 's unbelievable like a lead balloon eos it 's so impossible to even learn the tune eos kill that beast and feed that swine eos scale that wall and smoke that vine eos feed that horse and saddle up the drum eos it 's unbelievable ,  the day would finally come eos  eos once there was a man who had no eyes eos every lady in the land told him lies eos he stood beneath the silver sky and his heart began to bleed eos every brain is civilized eos every nerve is analyzed eos everything is criticized when you are in need eos  eos it 's unbelievable ,  it 's fancy - free eos so interchangeable ,  so delightful to see eos turn your back ,  wash your hands eos there 's always someone who understands eos it do n't matter no more what you got to say eos it 's unbelievable it would go down this waywent out last night to take a little round .  eos i met my little sadie and i brought her down .  eos i ran right home and i went to bed eos with a forty - four smokeless under my head .  eos  eos i began to think what a deed i 'd done .  eos i grabbed my hat and i began to run .  eos i made a god run but i ran too slow ;    eos they overtook me down in jericho eos  eos standing on a corner a ringin '  my bell ,  eos up stepped the sheriff from thomasville .  eos he said  ' young man is you name brown ?  eos remember you blowed sadie down .  "  eos  eos  " oh yes sir ,  my name is lee .  eos i murdered little sadie in the first degree .  eos first degree and second degree .  eos if  you 've got any papers will you serve them to me ?  "  eos  eos well they took me down town  and they dressed me in black ,  eos they put me on a train and they sent me back .  eos i had no one to go my bail ;  eos they crammed me back into the county jail .  eos  eos oh ,  yes they did .  eos the judge and the jury they took their stand .  eos the judge had the papers in his right hand .  eos  eos forty - one days ,  forty - one nights ;  eos forty - one years to wear the ball and the stripes ;  eos oh ,  no !  eos  eos went out last night to take a little round .  eos i met little sadie and i blowed her down .  eos i ran right home and i went to bed ,  eos a forty - four smokeless under my head . there is a house down in new orleans they call the rising sun eos and it 's been the ruin of many a poor girl and me ,  oh god ,  i 'm one .  eos  eos my mother was a tailor ,  she sowed these new blue jeans eos my sweetheart was a gambler ,  lord ,  down in new orleans .  eos  eos now the only thing a gambler needs is a suitcase and a trunk eos and the only time when he 's satisfied is when he 's on a drunk .  eos  eos he fills his glasses up to the brim and he 'll pass the cards around eos and the only pleasure he gets out of life is rambling from town to town eos  eos oh tell my baby sister not to do what i have done eos but shun that house in new orleans they call the rising sun .  eos  eos well with one foot on the platform and the other foot on the train eos i 'm going back to new orleans to wear that ball and chain .  eos  eos i 'm going back to new orleans ,  my race is almost run eos i 'm going back to end my life down in the rising sun .  eos  eos there is a house in new orleans they call the rising sun eos and it 's been the ruin of many a poor girl and me ,  oh god ,  i 'm one . up on the white veranda eos she wears a necktie and a panama hat eos her passport shows a face eos from another time and place eos she looks nothin '  like that eos and all the remnants of her recent past eos are scattered in the wild wind eos she walks across the marble floor eos where a voice from the gambling room is callin '  her to come on in eos she smiles ,  walks the other way eos as the last ship sails and the moon fades away eos from black diamond bay eos  eos as the mornin '  light breaks open ,  the greek comes down eos and he asks for a rope and a pen that will write eos  ' pardon ,  monsieur ,  '  the desk clerk says eos carefully removes his fez eos  ' am i hearin '  you right ?  '  eos and as the yellow fog is liftin '  eos the greek is quickly headin '  for the second floor eos she passes him on the spiral staircase eos thinkin '  he 's the soviet ambassador eos she starts to speak ,  but he walks away eos as the storm clouds rise and the palm branches sway eos on black diamond bay eos  eos a soldier sits beneath the fan eos doin '  business with a tiny man who sells him a ring eos lightning strikes ,  the lights blow out eos the desk clerk wakes and begins to shout eos  ' can you see anything ?  '  eos then the greek appears on the second floor eos in his bare feet with a rope around his neck eos while a loser in the gambling room lights up a candle eos says ,   ' open up another deck '  eos but the dealer says ,   ' attendez - vous ,  s ' il vous plait '  eos as the rain beats down and the cranes fly away eos from black diamond bay eos  eos the desk clerk heard the woman laugh eos as he looked around the aftermath and the soldier got tough eos he tried to grab the woman 's hand eos said ,   ' here 's a ring ,  it cost a grand '  eos she said ,   ' that ai n't enough '  eos then she ran upstairs to pack her bags eos while a horse - drawn taxi waited at the curb eos she passed the door that the greek had locked eos where a handwritten sign read ,   ' do not disturb '  eos she knocked upon it anyway eos as the sun went down and the music did play eos on black diamond bay eos  eos  ' i 've got to talk to someone quick !  '  eos but the greek said ,   ' go away ,  '  and he kicked the chair to the floor eos he hung there from the chandelier eos she cried ,   ' help ,  there 's danger near eos please open up the door !  '  eos then the volcano erupted eos and the lava flowed down from the mountain high above eos the soldier and the tiny man were crouched in the corner eos thinking of forbidden love eos but the desk clerk said ,   ' it happens every day '  eos as the stars fell down and the fields burned away eos on black diamond bay eos  eos as the island slowly sank eos the loser finally broke the bank in the gambling room eos the dealer said ,   ' it 's too late now eos you can take your money ,  but i do n't know how eos you 'll spend it in the tomb '  eos the tiny man bit the soldier 's ear eos as the floor caved in and the boiler in the basement blew eos while she 's out on the balcony ,  where a stranger tells her eos  ' my darling ,  je vous aime beaucoup '  eos she sheds a tear and then begins to pray eos as the fire burns on and the smoke drifts away eos from black diamond bay eos  eos i was sittin '  home alone one night in l . a .  eos watchin '  old cronkite on the seven o ' clock news eos it seems there was an earthquake that eos left nothin '  but a panama hat eos and a pair of old greek shoes eos did n't seem like much was happenin '  ,  eos so i turned it off and went to grab another beer eos seems like every time you turn around eos there 's another hard - luck story that you 're gonna hear eos and there 's really nothin '  anyone can say eos and i never did plan to go anyway eos to black diamond baysince you 've been gone eos i 've been walking around eos with my head bowed down to my shoes eos i 've been living the blues eos ev ' ry night without you eos  eos i do n't have to go far eos to know where you are eos strangers all give me the news eos i 've been living the blues eos ev ' ry night without you eos  eos i think that it 's best eos i soon get some rest eos and forget my pride eos but i ca n't deny eos this feeling that i eos carry for you deep down inside eos  eos if you see me this way eos you 'd come back and you 'd stay eos oh ,  how could you refuse eos i 've been living the blues eos ev ' ry night without youthe light in this place is really bad eos like being at the bottom of a stream eos any minute now  eos i 'm expecting to wake up from a dream eos  eos means so much ,  the softest touch eos by the grave of some child ,  who neither wept or smiled eos i pondered my faith in the rain eos i 've been dreamin '  of you ,  that 's all i do eos and it 's driving me insane eos  eos somewhere dawn is breaking eos light is streaking  ' cross the floor eos church bells are ringing eos i wonder who they 're ringing for eos  eos travel under any star eos you 'll see me wherever you are eos the shadowy past is awake and so vast eos i 'm sleeping in the palace of pain eos i 've been dreamin '  of you ,  that 's all i do eos but it 's driving me insane eos  eos maybe they 'll get me ,  maybe they wo n't eos but whatever it wo n't be tonight eos i wish your hand was in mine right now eos we could go where the moon is white eos  eos for years they had me locked in a cage eos then they threw me onto the stage eos some things just last longer than you thought they would eos and they never ,  ever explain eos i 've been dreamin '  of you ,  that 's all i do eos and it 's driving me insane eos  eos well ,  i eat when i 'm hungry ,  drink when i 'm dry eos live my life on the square eos even if the flesh falls off my face eos it wo n't matter ,  long as you 're there eos  eos feel like a ghost in love eos underneath the heavens above eos feel further away than i ever did before eos feel further than i can take eos dreamin '  of you is all i do eos but it 's driving me insane eos  eos everything in the way is so shiny today eos a queer and unusual fall eos spirals of golden haze ,  here and there in a blaze eos like beams of light in the storm eos  eos maybe you were here and maybe you were n't eos maybe you touched somebody and got burnt eos the silent sun has got me on the run eos burning a hole in my brain eos i 'm dreamin '  of you ,  that 's all i do eos but it 's driving me insaneto preach of peace and brotherhood eos oh ,  what might be the cost !  eos a man he did it long ago eos and they hung him on a cross eos long ago ,  far away eos these things do n't happen eos no more ,  nowadays eos  eos the chains of slaves they dragged the ground eos with heads and hearts hung low eos but it was during lincoln 's time eos and it was long ago eos long ago ,  far away eos things like that do n't happen eos no more ,  nowadays eos  eos the war guns they went off wild eos the whole world bled its blood eos men 's bodies floated on the edge eos of oceans made of mud eos long ago ,  far away eos those kind of things do n't happen eos no more ,  nowadays eos  eos one man had much money eos one man had not enough to eat eos one man he lived just like a king eos the other man begged on the street eos long ago ,  far away eos things like that do n't happen eos no more ,  nowadays eos  eos one man died of a knife so sharp eos one man died from the bullet of a gun eos one man died of a broken heart eos to see the lynchin '  of his son eos long ago ,  far away eos things like that do n't happen eos no more ,  nowadaysi can hear the turning of the key eos i 've been deceived by the clown inside of me eos i thought that he was righteous but he 's vain eos oh ,  something 's a - telling me i wear the ball and chain eos  eos my patron saint is a - fighting with a ghost eos he 's always off somewhere when i need him most eos the spanish moon is rising on the hill eos but my heart is a - tellin '  me i love ya still eos  eos i come back to the town from the flaming moon eos i see you in the streets ,  i begin to swoon eos i love to see you dress before the mirror eos wo n't you let me in your room one time  ' fore i finally disappear ?  eos  eos everybody 's wearing a disguise eos to hide what they 've got left behind their eyes eos but me ,  i ca n't cover what i am eos wherever the children go i 'll follow them eos  eos i march in the parade of liberty eos but as long as i love you i 'm not free eos how long must i suffer such abuse eos wo n't you let me see you smile one time before i turn you loose ?  eos  eos i 've given up the game ,  i 've got to leave eos the pot of gold is only make - believe eos the treasure ca n't be found by men who search eos whose gods are dead and whose queens are in the church eos  eos we sat in an empty theater and we kissed eos i asked ya please to cross me off - a your list eos my head tells me it 's time to make a change eos but my heart is telling me i love ya but you 're strange eos  eos one more time at midnight ,  near the wall eos take off your heavy makeup and your shawl eos wo n't you descend from the throne ,  from where you sit ?  eos let me feel your love one more time before i abandon itevery step of the way we walk the line eos your days are numbered ,  so are mine eos time is pilin '  up ,  we struggle and we scrape eos we 're all boxed in ,  nowhere to escape eos  eos city 's just a jungle ;  more games to play eos trapped in the heart of it ,  tryin '  to get away eos i was raised in the country ,  i been workin '  in the town eos i been in trouble ever since i set my suitcase down eos  eos got nothin '  for you ,  i had nothin '  before eos do n't even have anything for myself anymore eos sky full of fire ,  pain pourin '  down eos nothing you can sell me ,  i 'll see you around eos  eos all my powers of expression and thoughts so sublime eos could never do you justice in reason or rhyme eos only one thing i did wrong eos stayed in mississippi a day too long eos  eos well ,  the devil 's in the alley ,  mule 's in the stall eos say anything you wanna ,  i have heard it all eos i was thinkin '   ' bout the things that rosie said eos i was dreaming i was sleepin '  in rosie 's bed eos  eos walkin '  through the leaves ,  falling from the trees eos feelin '  like a stranger nobody sees eos so many things that we never will undo eos i know you 're sorry ,  i 'm sorry too eos  eos some people will offer you their hand and some wo n't eos last night i knew you ,  tonight i do n't eos i need somethin '  strong to distract my mind eos i 'm gonna look at you  ' til my eyes go blind eos  eos well i got here followin '  the southern star eos i crossed that river just to be where you are eos only one thing i did wrong eos stayed in mississippi a day too long eos  eos well my ship 's been split to splinters and it 's sinkin '  fast eos i 'm drownin '  in the poison ,  got no future ,  got no past eos but my heart is not weary ,  it 's light and it 's free eos i 've got nothin '  but affection for all those who 've sailed with me eos  eos everybody movin '  if they ai n't already there eos everybody got to move somewhere eos stick with me baby ,  stick with me anyhow eos things should start to get interestin '  right about now eos  eos my clothes are wet ,  tight on my skin eos not as tight as the corner that i painted myself in eos i know that fortune is waitin '  to be kind eos so give me your hand and say you 'll be mine eos  eos well ,  the emptiness is endless ,  cold as the clay eos you can always come back ,  but you ca n't come back all the way eos only one thing i did wrong eos stayed in mississippi a day too longyou took a part of me that i really miss eos i keep asking myself how long it can go on like this eos you told yourself a lie ,  that 's all right mama i told myself one too eos i 'm trying to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos you took the silver ,  you took the gold eos you left me standing out in the cold eos people ask about you ,  i did n't tell them everything i knew eos well ,  i 'm trying to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos i 'm drifting in and out of dreamless sleep eos throwing all my memories in a ditch so deep eos did so many things i never did intend to do eos well ,  i 'm tryin '  to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos i need your love so bad ,  turn your lamp down low eos i need every bit of it for the places that i go eos sometimes i wonder just what it 's all coming to eos well ,  i 'm tryin '  to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos well ,  i do n't dare close my eyes and i do n't dare wink eos maybe in the next life i 'll be able to hear myself think eos feel like talking to somebody but i just do n't know who eos well ,  i 'm tryin '  to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos the last thing you said before you hit the street eos  ' gonna find me a janitor to sweep me off my feet '  eos i said ,   ' that 's all right mama  .   .   .  you  .   .   .  you do what you gotta do '  eos well ,  i 'm tryin '  to get closer .  i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos rock me ,  pretty baby ,  rock me  ' til everything gets real eos rock me for a little while ,  rock me  ' til there 's nothing left to feel eos and i 'll rock you too eos i 'm tryin '  to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from you eos  eos well ,  there 's voices in the night trying to be heard eos i 'm sitting here listening to every mind - polluting word eos i know plenty of people who would put me up for a day or two eos yes ,  i 'm tryin '  to get closer but i 'm still a million miles from youi was sittin '  on a stump eos down in new orleans eos i was feelin '  kinda low down eos dirty and mean eos along came a fella eos and he did n't even ask eos he says ,   ' i know of a woman eos that can fix you up fast '  eos i did n't think twice eos i said like i should eos  ' let 's go find this lady eos that can do me some good '  eos we walked across the river eos on a sailin '  spree eos and we came to a door eos called one - oh - three eos  eos i was just about ready eos to give it a little knock eos when out comes a fella eos who could n't even walk eos he 's linkin '  and a - slinkin '  eos could n't stand on his feet eos and he moaned and he groaned eos and he shuffled down the street eos well ,  out of the door eos there comes another man eos he wiggled and he wobbled eos he could n't hardly stand eos he had this frightened eos look in his eyes eos like he just fought a bear eos he was ready to die eos  eos well ,  i peeked through the key crack eos comin '  down the hall eos was a long - legged man eos who could n't hardly crawl eos he muttered and he uttered eos in broken french eos and he looked like he 'd been through eos a monkey wrench eos  eos well ,  by this time eos i was a - scared to knock eos i was a - scared to move eos i 's in a state of shock eos i hummed a little tune eos and i shuffled my feet eos and i started walkin '  backwards eos down that broad street eos well ,  i got to the corner eos i tried my best to smile eos i turned around the corner eos and i ran a bloody mile eos man ,  i was n't runnin '  eos  ' cause i was sick eos i was just a - runnin '  eos to get out of there quick eos  eos well ,  i tripped right along eos and i 'm a - wheezin '  in my chest eos i musta run a mile eos in a minute or less eos i walked on a log eos and i tripped on a stump eos i caught a fast freight eos with a one - arm jump eos so ,  if you 're travelin '  down eos louisiana way eos and you feel kinda lonesome eos and you need a place to stay eos man ,  you 're better off eos in your misery eos than to tackle that lady eos at one - oh - threeband of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos  eos down these streets the fools rule eos there 's no freedom or self respect eos a knife 's point or a trip to the joint eos is about all you can expect eos  eos they kill people here who stand up for their rights eos the system 's just too damned corrupt eos it 's always the same ,  the name of the game eos is who do you know higher up eos  eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos  eos the blacks and the whites eos steal the other kids '  lives eos wealth is a filthy rag eos so erotic so unpatriotic eos so wrapped up in the american flag eos  eos the witchcraft scum exploiting the dumb eos turns children into crooks and slaves eos whose heroes and healers are real stoned dealers eos who should be put in their graves eos  eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos  eos listen to me mr .  pusherman eos this might be your last night in a bed so soft eos there are pimps on the make ,  politicians on the take eos you ca n't pay us off eos  eos we 're gonna blow up your home of voodoo eos and watch it burn without any regret eos we got the power ,  we 're the new government eos you just do n't know it yet eos  eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos  eos for all of my brothers from vietnam eos and my uncles from world war ii eos i 've got to say that it 's countdown time now eos we 're gonna do what the law should do eos  eos and for you pretty baby eos i know your story is too painful to share eos one day though you 'll be talking in your sleep eos and when you do ,  i wanna be there eos  eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the hand eos band of the handfar away where the soft winds blow eos far away from it all eos there is a place you go eos where teardrops fall eos  eos far away in the stormy night eos far away and over the wall eos you are there in the flickering light eos where teardrops fall eos  eos we banged the drum slowly eos and played the fife lowly eos you know the song in my heart eos in the turning of twilight eos in the shadows of moonlight eos you can show me a new place to start eos  eos i 've torn my clothes and i 've drained the cup eos strippin '  away at it all eos thinking of you when the sun comes up eos where teardrops fall eos  eos by rivers of blindness eos in love and with kindness eos we could hold up a toast if we meet eos to the cuttin '  of fences eos to sharpen the senses eos that linger in the fireball heat eos  eos roses are red ,  violets are blue eos and time is beginning to crawl eos i just might have to come see you eos where teardrops fallbye and bye ,  i 'm breathin '  a lover 's sigh eos i 'm sittin '  on my watch so i can be on time eos i 'm singin '  love 's praises with sugar - coated rhyme eos bye and bye ,  on you i 'm casting my eye eos  eos i 'm paintin '  the town—swinging my partner around eos i know who i can depend on ,  i know who to trust eos i 'm watchin '  the roads ,  i 'm studying the dust eos i 'm paintin '  the town making my last go - round eos  eos well ,  i 'm scufflin '  and i 'm shufflin '  and i 'm walkin '  on briars eos i 'm not even acquainted with my own desires eos  eos i 'm rollin '  slow—i 'm doing all i know eos i 'm tellin '  myself i found true happiness eos that i 've still got a dream that has n't been repossessed eos i 'm rollin '  slow ,  goin '  where the wild roses grow eos  eos well the future for me is already a thing of the past eos you were my first love and you will be my last eos  eos papa gone mad ,  mamma ,  she 's feeling sad eos i 'm gonna baptize you in fire so you can sin no more eos i 'm gonna establish my rule through civil war eos gonna make you see just how loyal and true a man can be